goldviking (29/m) is inviting you to be his friend. reply yes-762 or no-762 see him: www.sms.ac/u/goldviking stop? send stop frnd to 62468
i'm in solihull, | do you want anything?
u have a secret admirer. reveal who thinks u r so special. call 09065174042. to opt out reply reveal stop. 1.50 per msg recd. cust care 07821230901
hello lover! how goes that new job? are you there now? are you happy? do you think of me? i wake, my slave and send you a teasing kiss from across the sea
hey i am really horny want to chat or see me naked text hot to 69698 text charged at 150pm to unsubscribe text stop 69698
hi its jess i dont know if you are at work but call me when u can im at home all eve. xxx
then any special there?
just nw i came to hme da..
shall i get my pouch?
doesn't g have class early tomorrow and thus shouldn't be trying to smoke at  &lt;#&gt;
how long has it been since you screamed, princess?
let's pool our money together and buy a bunch of lotto tickets. if we win i get &lt;#&gt; % u get &lt;#&gt; %. deal?
hey are we going for the lo lesson or gym?
are you sure you don't mean \get here
sounds great! im going to sleep now. have a good night!
hmm... dunno leh, mayb a bag 4 goigng out dat is not too small. or jus anything except perfume, smth dat i can keep.
ok lor but not too early. me still having project meeting now.
back 2 work 2morro half term over! can u c me 2nite 4 some sexy passion b4 i have 2 go back? chat now 09099726481 luv dena calls ??1/minmobsmorelkpobox177hp51fl
i cant pick the phone right now. pls send a message
nah can't help you there, i've never had an iphone
jay says he'll put in  &lt;#&gt;
jade its paul. y didn??t u txt me? do u remember me from barmed? i want 2 talk 2 u! txt me
you won't believe it but it's true. it's incredible txts! reply g now to learn truly amazing things that will blow your mind. from o2fwd only 18p/txt
hows that watch resizing
headin towards busetop
actually i'm waiting for 2 weeks when they start putting ad.
if anyone calls for a treadmill say you'll buy it. make sure its working. i found an ad on craigslist selling for $ &lt;#&gt; .
its worse if if uses half way then stops. its better for him to complete it.
good morning princess! how are you?
wot is u up 2 then bitch?
babe, have you got enough money to pick up bread and milk ? and i'll give you it back when you get home ?
isn't frnd a necesity in life? imagine urself witout a frnd.. hw'd u feel at ur colleg? wat'll u do wth ur cell? wat abt functions? thnk abt events espe'll cared, missed &amp; irritated u? 4wrd it to all those dear-loving frnds wthout whom u cant live.. i jst did it.. takecare..:) goodmorning
yar lor wait 4 my mum 2 finish sch then have lunch lor... i whole morning stay at home clean my room now my room quite clean... hee...
so when do you wanna gym harri
no need lar. jus testing e phone card. dunno network not gd i thk. me waiting 4 my sis 2 finish bathing so i can bathe. dun disturb u liao u cleaning ur room.
babe! i fucking love you too !! you know? fuck it was so good to hear your voice. i so need that. i crave it. i can't get enough. i adore you, ahmad *kisses*
watching cartoon, listening music &amp; at eve had to go temple &amp; church.. what about u?
kind of. just missed train cos of asthma attack, nxt one in half hr so driving in. not sure where to park.
i notice you like looking in the shit mirror youre turning into a right freak
in that case i guess i'll see you at campus lodge
thank you. i like you as well...
yup i thk they r e teacher said that will make my face look longer. darren ask me not 2 cut too short.
happy new years melody!
ok. can be later showing around 8-8:30 if you want + cld have drink before. wld prefer not to spend money on nosh if you don't mind, as doing that nxt wk.
come back to tampa ffffuuuuuuu
no messages on her phone. i'm holding it now
great! i hope you like your man well endowed. i am  &lt;#&gt;  inches...
then why you came to hostel.
\hey kate
hello darlin ive finished college now so txt me when u finish if u can love kate xxx
yes:)from last week itself i'm taking live call.
what's nannys address?
yo, any way we could pick something up tonight?
nope... c ?_ then...
need a coffee run tomo?can't believe it's that time of week already
sounds like you have many talents! would you like to go on a dinner date next week?
you still around? i could use a half-8th
what happen dear tell me
wherre's my boytoy ? :-(
from here after the performance award is calculated every two month.not for current one month period..
sorry to be a pain. is it ok if we meet another night? i spent late afternoon in casualty and that means i haven't done any of y stuff42moro and that includes all my time sheets and that. sorry.
hello boytoy ! geeee ... i'm missing you today. i like to send you a tm and remind you i'm thinking of you ... and you are loved ... *loving kiss*
oi when you gonna ring
yes i will be there. glad you made it.
the last thing i ever wanted to do was hurt you. and i didn't think it would have. you'd laugh, be embarassed, delete the tag and keep going. but as far as i knew, it wasn't even up. the fact that you even felt like i would do it to hurt you shows you really don't know me at all. it was messy wednesday, but it wasn't bad. the problem i have with it is you have the time to clean it, but you choose not to. you skype, you take pictures, you sleep, you want to go out. i don't mind a few things here and there, but when you don't make the bed, when you throw laundry on top of it, when i can't have a friend in the house because i'm embarassed that there's underwear and bras strewn on the bed, pillows on the floor, that's something else. you used to be good about at least making the bed.
dont let studying stress you out. l8r.
u still painting ur wall?
i had askd u a question some hours before. its answer
anything lor but toa payoh got place 2 walk meh...
i've got  &lt;#&gt; , any way i could pick up?
then just eat a shit and wait for ur monkey face bitch.......... u asshole..................
hi hope u r both ok, he said he would text and he hasn't, have u seen him, let me down gently please
my fri ah... okie lor,goin 4 my drivin den go shoppin after tt...
why did i wake up on my own &gt;:(
sorry, i'll call later
are you staying in town ?
oh k :)why you got job then whats up?
if you still havent collected the dough pls let me know so i can go to the place i sent it to get the control number
watching telugu movie..wat abt u?
i love to wine and dine my lady!
yeah, i'll leave in a couple minutes &amp; let you know when i get to mu
k, fyi i'm back in my parents' place in south tampa so i might need to do the deal somewhere else
just sent again. do you scream and moan in bed, princess?
did you show him and wot did he say or could u not c him 4 dust?
yup. wun believe wat? u really neva c e msg i sent shuhui?
in work now. going have in few min.
refused a loan? secured or unsecured? can't get credit? call free now 0800 195 6669 or text back 'help' & we will!
you have won a guaranteed 32000 award or maybe even ??1000 cash to claim ur award call free on 0800 ..... (18+). its a legitimat efreefone number wat do u think???
what i told before i tell. stupid hear after i wont tell anything to you. you dad called to my brother and spoken. not with me.
come to mahal bus stop.. &lt;decimal&gt;
* will have two more cartons off u and is very pleased with shelves
tell them the drug dealer's getting impatient
how do friends help us in problems? they give the most stupid suggestion that lands us into another problem and helps us forgt the previous problem
hello darling how are you today? i would love to have a chat, why dont you tell me what you look like and what you are in to sexy?
i can do that! i want to please you both inside and outside the bedroom...
well i know z will take care of me. so no worries.
hmmm.but you should give it on one day..
december only! had your mobile 11mths+? you are entitled to update to the latest colour camera mobile for free! call the mobile update co free on 08002986906
i am going to sao mu today. will be done only at 12
monthly password for wap. mobsi.com is 391784. use your wap phone not pc.
you getting back any time soon?
want 2 get laid tonight? want real dogging locations sent direct 2 ur mob? join the uk's largest dogging network by txting moan to 69888nyt. ec2a. 31p.msg@150p
otherwise had part time job na-tuition..
, ,  and  picking them up from various points | going 2 yeovil | and they will do the motor project 4 3 hours | and then u take them home. || 12 2 5.30 max. || very easy
i wud never mind if u dont miss me or if u dont need me.. but u wil really hurt me wen u need me &amp; u dont tell me......... take care:-)
have you started in skye
fuck babe ... what happened to you ? how come you never came back?
no but the bluray player can
tick, tick, tick ... babe
yes! how is a pretty lady like you single?
ask g or iouri, i've told the story like ten times already
happy new year. hope you are having a good semester
will you like to be spoiled? :)
yup song bro. no creative. neva test quality. he said check review online.
nan sonathaya soladha. why boss?
ha. you don???t know either. i did a a clever but simple thing with pears the other day, perfect for christmas.
hey pple...$700 or $900 for 5 nights...excellent location wif breakfast hamper!!!
cool, what time you think you can get here?
can you say what happen
pls accept me for one day. or am begging you change the number.
carlos took a while (again), we leave in a minute
dunno dat's wat he told me. ok lor...
once free call me sir.
oh... lk tt den we take e one tt ends at cine lor... dun wan yogasana oso can...
argh why the fuck is nobody in town ;_;
bugis oso near wat...
you are being contacted by our dating service by someone you know! to find out who it is, call from your mobile or landline 09064017305 pobox75ldns7
have a great trip to india. and bring the light to everyone not just with the project but with everyone that is lucky to see you smile. bye. abiola
yup n her fren lor. i'm meeting my fren at 730.
i want to tell you how bad i feel that basically the only times i text you lately are when i need drugs
lol that would be awesome payback.
k i'll be there before 4.
fr'ndship is like a needle of a clock. though v r in d same clock, v r nt able 2 met. evn if v meet,itz only 4few seconds. bt v alwys stay conected. gud 9t;-)
have your lunch and come quickly and open the door:)
tell my  bad character which u dnt lik in me. i'll try to change in  &lt;#&gt; . i ll add tat 2 my new year resolution. waiting for ur reply.be frank...good morning.
what is the plural of the noun research?
and popping &lt;#&gt; ibuprofens was no help.
i'm there and i can see you, but you can't see me ? maybe you should reboot ym ? i seen the buzz
my parents, my kidz, my friends n my colleagues. all screaming.. surprise !! and i was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' naked...!
prakesh is there know.
it's still not working. and this time i also tried adding zeros. that was the savings. the checking is  &lt;#&gt;
not heard from u4 a while. call me now am here all night with just my knickers on. make me beg for it like u did last time 01223585236 xx luv nikiyu4.net
so anyways, you can just go to your gym or whatever, my love *smiles* i hope your ok and having a good day babe ... i miss you so much already
no de. but call me after some time. ill tell you k
u have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with u-find out who they r*reveal who thinks ur so special-call on 09058094599
good morning plz call me sir
do you know where my lab goggles went
are you free now?can i call now?
neft transaction with reference number  &lt;#&gt;  for rs. &lt;decimal&gt;  has been credited to the beneficiary account on  &lt;#&gt;  at  &lt;time&gt; : &lt;#&gt;
1.20 that call cost. which i guess isnt bad. miss ya, need ya, want ya, love ya
i will treasure every moment we spend together...
it's ?? only $140 ard...?? rest all ard $180 at least...which is ?? price 4 ?? 2 bedrm ($900)
ugh i don't wanna get out of bed. it's so warm.
i would but i'm still cozy. and exhausted from last night.nobody went to school or work. everything is closed.
i hate when she does this. she turns what should be a fun shopping trip into an annoying day of how everything would look in her house.
check wid corect speling i.e. sarcasm
you have registered sinco as payee. log in at icicibank.com and enter urn  &lt;#&gt;  to confirm. beware of frauds. do not share or disclose urn to anyone.
win the newest ??harry potter and the order of the phoenix (book 5) reply harry, answer 5 questions - chance to be the first among readers!
yes, my reg is  ciao!
what class of  &lt;#&gt;  reunion?
\cha quiteamuzing that??scool babe
sunshine quiz! win a super sony dvd recorder if you canname the capital of australia? text mquiz to 82277. b
do you know what mallika sherawat did yesterday? find out now @  &lt;url&gt;
good afternon, my love. how are today? i hope your good and maybe have some interviews. i wake and miss you babe. a passionate kiss from across the sea
most of the tiime when i don't let you hug me it's so i don't break into tears.
am new 2 club & dont fink we met yet will b gr8 2 c u please leave msg 2day wiv ur area 09099726553 reply promised carlie x calls??1/minmobsmore lkpobox177hp51fl
gain the rights of a wife.dont demand it.i am trying as husband too.lets see
\oh fuck. juswoke up in a bed on a boatin the docks. slept wid 25 year old. spinout! giv u da gossip l8r. xxx\""
i dont want to hear anything
5 free top polyphonic tones call 087018728737, national rate. get a toppoly tune sent every week, just text subpoly to 81618, ??3 per pole. unsub 08718727870.
loans for any purpose even if you have bad credit! tenants welcome. call noworriesloans.com on 08717111821
free msg: ringtone!from: http://tms. widelive.com/index. wml?id=1b6a5ecef91ff9*37819&first=true18:0430-jul-05
i'm job profile seems like bpo..
you do your studies alone without anyones help. if you cant no need to study.
no probs hon! how u doinat the mo?
sat right? okay thanks...
also andros ice etc etc
my darling sister. how are you doing. when's school resuming. is there a minimum wait period before you reapply? do take care
no..he joined today itself.
better than bb. if he wont use it, his wife will or them doctor
received, understood n acted upon!
ok
imagine you finally get to sink into that bath after i have put you through your paces, maybe even having you eat me for a while before i left ... but also imagine the feel of that cage on your cock surrounded by the bath water, reminding you always who owns you ... enjoy, my cuck
goal! arsenal 4 (henry, 7 v liverpool 2 henry scores with a simple shot from 6 yards from a pass by bergkamp to give arsenal a 2 goal margin after 78 mins.
lol i know! hey someone did a great inpersonation of flea on the forums. i love it!
yes watching footie but worried we're going to blow it - phil neville?
yes! i am a one woman man! please tell me your likes and dislikes in bed...
r ?_ comin back for dinner?
oh yeah,and hav a great time in newquay-send me a postcard !1 look after all the girls while im gone(u know the 1im talkin bout!)xx
for ur chance to win a ??250 wkly shopping spree txt: shop to 80878. t's&c's www.txt-2-shop.com custcare 08715705022, 1x150p/wk
last chance! claim ur ??150 worth of discount vouchers today! text shop to 85023 now! savamob, offers mobile! t cs savamob pobox84, m263uz. ??3.00 sub. 16
haha, my legs and neck are killing me and my amigos are hoping to end the night with a burn, think i could swing by in like an hour?
dear got train and seat mine lower seat
once a fishrman woke early in d mrng. it was very dark. he waited a while &amp; found a sack ful of stones. he strtd throwin thm in2 d sea 2 pass time. atlast he had jus 1stone, sun rose up &amp; he found out tht those r nt stones, those were diamonds. moral:\dont wake up early in d mrng'' good night"
thanx u darlin!im cool thanx. a few bday drinks 2 nite. 2morrow off! take care c u soon.xxx
aiyah ok wat as long as got improve can already wat...
wow v v impressed. have funs shopping!
got but got 2 colours lor. one colour is quite light n e other is darker lor. actually i'm done she's styling my hair now.
sorry, i'll call later
forgot to tell ?_ smth.. can ?_ like number the sections so that it's clearer..
ok...
howz that persons story
then get some cash together and i'll text jason
lolnice. i went from a fish to ..water.?
y so late but i need to go n get da laptop...
lol yep did that yesterday. already got my fireplace. now its just another icon sitting there for me.
well done! your 4* costa del sol holiday or ??5000 await collection. call 09050090044 now toclaim. sae, tcs, pobox334, stockport, sk38xh, cost??1.50/pm, max10mins
mmmmmm ... i love you,so much, ahmad ... i can't wait for this year to begin as every second takes me closer to being at your side. happy new year, my love!!
hey sweet, i was wondering when you had a moment if you might come to me ? i want to send a file to someone but it won't go over yahoo for them because their connection sucks, remember when you set up that page for me to go to and download the format disc ? could you tell me how to do that ? or do you know some other way to download big files ? because they can download stuff directly from the internet. any help would be great, my prey ... *teasing kiss*
ok i juz receive..
your weekly cool-mob tones are ready to download !this weeks new tones include: 1) crazy frog-axel f>>> 2) akon-lonely>>> 3) black eyed-dont p >>>more info in n
not planned yet :)going to join company on jan 5 only.don know what will happen after that.
u dun say so early hor... u c already then say...
for taking part in our mobile survey yesterday! you can now have 500 texts 2 use however you wish. 2 get txts just send txt to 80160 t&c www.txt43.com 1.50p
sorry, no, have got few things to do. may be in pub later.
dear,regret i cudnt pick call.drove down frm ctla now at cochin home.left mobile in car..ente style ishtamayoo?happy bakrid!
k. i will sent it again
hi! you just spoke to maneesha v. we'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. reply toll free with yes or no.
where at were hungry too
goodmorning, today i am late for  &lt;decimal&gt; min.
sent me ur email id soon
miserable. they don't tell u that the side effects of birth control are massive gut wrenching cramps for the first 2 months. i didn't sleep at all last night.
its ok chikku, and its my 1 of favourite song..:-)
you didn't have to tell me that...now i'm thinking. plus he's going to stop all your runs
fine if that??s the way u feel. that??s the way its gota b
its not the same here. still looking for a job. how much do ta's earn there.
dear voucher holder, to claim this weeks offer, at your pc please go to http://www.wtlp.co.uk/text. ts&cs apply.
sorry for the delay. yes masters
jason says it's cool if we pick some up from his place in like an hour
hello, my love ! how went your day ? are you alright ? i think of you, my sweet and send a jolt to your heart to remind you ... i love you! can you hear it ? i screamed it across the sea for all the world to hear. ahmad al hallaq is loved ! and owned ! *possessive passionate kiss*
then u drive lor.
i did. one slice and one breadstick. lol
k fyi x has a ride early tomorrow morning but he's crashing at our place tonight
you were supposed to wake me up &gt;:(
you have come into my life and brought the sun ..shiny down on me, warming my heart. putting a constant smile on my face ... making me feel loved and cared for
aldrine, rakhesh ex rtm here.pls call.urgent.
your 2004 account for 07xxxxxxxxx shows 786 unredeemed points. to claim call 08719181259 identifier code: xxxxx expires 26.03.05
just forced myself to eat a slice. i'm really not hungry tho. this sucks. mark is getting worried. he knows i'm sick when i turn down pizza. lol
we made it! eta at taunton is 12:30 as planned, hope that???s still okday?! good to see you! :-xx
hmm. shall i bring a bottle of wine to keep us amused? just joking! i'll still bring a bottle. red or white? see you tomorrow
haha good to hear, i'm officially paid and on the market for an 8th
men like shorter ladies. gaze up into his eyes.
ok no prob
its a big difference.  &lt;#&gt;  versus  &lt;#&gt;  every  &lt;#&gt; hrs
call me. i m unable to cal. lets meet bhaskar, and deep
\hi its kate it was lovely to see you tonight and ill phone you tomorrow. i got to sing and a guy gave me his card! xxx\""
yup ?_ not comin :-(
u calling me right? call my hand phone...
3 free tarot texts! find out about your love life now! try 3 for free! text chance to 85555 16 only! after 3 free, msgs ??1.50 each
r u sure they'll understand that! wine * good idea just had a slurp!
eek that's a lot of time especially since american pie is like 8 minutes long. i can't stop singing it.
then u ask darren go n pick u lor... but i oso sian tmr haf 2 meet lect...
same as kallis dismissial in 2nd test:-).
madam,regret disturbance.might receive a reference check from dlf premarica.kindly be informed.rgds,rakhesh,kerala.
no gifts!! you trying to get me to throw myself off a cliff or something?
its good to hear from you
?? got wat to buy tell us then ?_ no need to come in again.
ok da, i already planned. i wil pick you.
this is the 2nd time we have tried to contact u. u have won the ??1450 prize to claim just call 09053750005 b4 310303. t&cs/stop sms 08718725756. 140ppm
she's fine. good to hear from you. how are you my dear? happy new year oh.
sorry me going home first... daddy come fetch ?_ later...
oh yeah! and my diet just flew out the window
lets use it next week, princess :)
okie
and pls pls drink plenty plenty water
yup but not studying surfing lor. i'm in e lazy mode today.
i keep seeing weird shit and bein all \woah\" then realising it's actually reasonable and i'm all \"oh\""
smith waste da.i wanna gayle.
dont worry. i guess he's busy.
also sir, i sent you an email about how to log into the usc payment portal. i.ll send you another message that should explain how things are back home. have a great weekend.
does daddy have a bb now.
asking do u knw them or nt? may be ur frnds or classmates?
sorry, i'll call later
i like dis sweater fr mango but no more my size already so irritating.
arngd marriage is while u r walkin unfortuntly a snake bites u. bt love marriage is dancing in frnt of d snake &amp; sayin bite me, bite me.
congrats. that's great. i wanted to tell you not to tell me your score cos it might make me relax. but its motivating me so thanks for sharing
sitting ard nothing to do lor. u leh busy w work?
hey now am free you can call me.
hey hun-onbus goin 2 meet him. he wants 2go out 4a meal but i donyt feel like it cuz have 2 get last bus home!but hes sweet latelyxxx
dear reached railway. what happen to you
nothing spl..wat abt u and whr ru?
you have been specially selected to receive a \3000 award! call 08712402050 before the lines close. cost 10ppm. 16+. t&cs apply. ag promo"
that's cool, i'll come by like  &lt;#&gt; ish
just woke up. yeesh its late. but i didn't fall asleep til &lt;#&gt; am :/
no..jst change tat only..
i'm gonna be home soon and i don't want to talk about this stuff anymore tonight, k? i've cried enough today.
right on brah, see you later
you will recieve your tone within the next 24hrs. for terms and conditions please see channel u teletext pg 750
kindly send some one to our flat before  &lt;decimal&gt;  today.
poor girl can't go one day lmao
east coast
your gonna be the death if me. i'm gonna leave a note that says its all robs fault. avenge me.
ok i found dis pierre cardin one which looks normal costs 20 its on sale.
yeah he got in at 2 and was v apologetic. n had fallen out and she was actin like spoilt child and he got caught up in that. till 2! but we won't go there! not doing too badly cheers. you?
he needs to stop going to bed and make with the fucking dealing
hmmm.... mayb can try e shoppin area one, but forgot e name of hotel...
i can send you a pic if you like :)
k da:)how many page you want?
booked ticket for pongal?
&lt;#&gt;  in mca. but not conform.
somewhere out there beneath the pale moon light someone think in of u some where out there where dreams come true... goodnite &amp; sweet dreams
same here, but i consider walls and bunkers and shit important just because i never play on peaceful but i guess your place is high enough that it don't matter
?? takin linear algebra today?
honey ? sweetheart ? darling ? sexy buns ? sugar plum ? loverboy ? i miss you, boytoy ... *smacks your ass* did you go to the gym too ?
u???ve bin awarded ??50 to play 4 instant cash. call 08715203028 to claim. every 9th player wins min ??50-??500. optout 08718727870
yar he quite clever but aft many guesses lor. he got ask me 2 bring but i thk darren not so willing 2 go. aiya they thk leona still not attach wat.
just haven't decided where yet eh ?
nope i'll come online now..
thanx4 today cer it was nice 2 catch up but we ave 2 find more time more often oh well take care c u soon.c
hard but true: how much you show &amp;  express your love to someone....that much it will hurt when they leave you or you get seperated...!?????_?????ud evening...
our records indicate u maybe entitled to 5000 pounds in compensation for the accident you had. to claim 4 free reply with claim to this msg. 2 stop txt stop
sorry, i can't help you on this.
sorry brah, just finished the last of my exams, what up
you've already got a flaky parent. it'snot supposed to be the child's job to support the parent...not until they're the ride age anyway. i'm supposed to be there to support you. and now i've hurt you. unintentional. but hurt nonetheless.
xclusive@clubsaisai 2morow 28/5 soiree speciale zouk with nichols from paris.free roses 2 all ladies !!! info: 07946746291/07880867867
hmm thinking lor...
long beach lor. expected... u having dinner now?
\yeh i am def up4 something sat
she's fine. sends her greetings
xmas iscoming & ur awarded either ??500 cd gift vouchers & free entry 2 r ??100 weekly draw txt music to 87066 tnc www.ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16subscription
hi my email address has changed now it is
no pic. please re-send.
a bit of ur smile is my hppnss, a drop of ur tear is my sorrow, a part of ur heart is my life, a heart like mine wil care for u, forevr as my goodfriend
how much you got for cleaning
do you ever notice that when you're driving, anyone going slower than you is an idiot and everyone driving faster than you is a maniac?
ok lor.
c movie is juz last minute decision mah. juz watch 2 lar but i tot ?_ not interested.
double eviction this week - spiral and michael and good riddance to them!
i lost 4 pounds since my doc visit last week woot woot! now i'm gonna celebrate by stuffing my face!
single line with a big meaning::::: \miss anything 4 ur \"best life\" but
no b4 thursday
if india win or level series means this is record:)
came to look at the flat, seems ok, in his 50s? * is away alot wiv work. got woman coming at 6.30 too.
not sure i have the stomach for it ...
your bill at 3 is ??33.65 so thats not bad!
hmm...my uncle just informed me that he's paying the school directly. so pls buy food.
hey. what happened? u switch off ur cell d whole day. this isnt good. now if u do care, give me a call tomorrow.
okey doke. i'm at home, but not dressed cos laying around ill! speak to you later bout times and stuff.
you are awarded a sipix digital camera! call 09061221061 from landline. delivery within 28days. t cs box177. m221bp. 2yr warranty. 150ppm. 16 . p p??3.99
joy's father is john. then john is the name of joy's father. mandan
oh k:)after that placement there ah?
ringtone club: gr8 new polys direct to your mobile every week !
happy new year princess!
congratulations u can claim 2 vip row a tickets 2 c blu in concert in november or blu gift guaranteed call 09061104276 to claim ts&cs www.smsco.net cost??3.75max
will you be here for food
yo you around? a friend of mine's lookin to pick up later tonight
u ned to convince him tht its not possible witot hurting his feeling its the main
sorry, i can't help you on this.
i (career tel) have added u as a contact on indyarocks.com to send free sms. to remove from phonebook - sms no to  &lt;#&gt;
my stomach has been thru so much trauma i swear i just can't eat. i better lose weight.
i want to sent  &lt;#&gt; mesages today. thats y. sorry if i hurts
gr8 poly tones 4 all mobs direct 2u rply with poly title to 8007 eg poly breathe1 titles: crazyin, sleepingwith, finest, ymca :getzed.co.uk pobox365o4w45wq 300p
i'm home. ard wat time will u reach?
cheers for the card ... is it that time of year already?
hi dis is yijue i would be happy to work wif ?_ all for gek1510...
moby pub quiz.win a ??100 high street prize if u know who the new duchess of cornwall will be? txt her first name to 82277.unsub stop ??1.50 008704050406 sp
hey mate. spoke to the mag people. we???re on.  the is deliver by the end of the month. deliver on the 24th sept. talk later.
i'm outside islands, head towards hard rock and you'll run into me
yeah we do totes. when u wanna?
i take it we didn't have the phone callon friday. can we assume we won't have it this year now?
we tried to contact you re your reply to our offer of a video phone 750 anytime any network mins half price line rental camcorder reply or call 08000930705
have got * few things to do. may be in * pub later.
ok not a problem will get them a taxi. c ing  tomorrow and tuesday. on tuesday think we r all going to the cinema.
arr birthday today:) i wish him to get more oscar.
reply to win ??100 weekly! where will the 2006 fifa world cup be held? send stop to 87239 to end service
you call him and tell now infront of them. call him now.
\pete can you please ring meive hardly gotany credit\""
sorry man, my stash ran dry last night and i can't pick up more until sunday
i just cooked a rather nice salmon a la you
it just seems like weird timing that the night that all you and g want is for me to come smoke is the same day as when a shitstorm is attributed to me always coming over and making everyone smoke
its posible dnt live in  &lt;#&gt; century cm frwd n thnk different
gud mrng dear have a nice day
u goin out 2nite?
o i played smash bros  &lt;#&gt;  religiously.
kit strip - you have been billed 150p. netcollex ltd. po box 1013 ig11 oja
velly good, yes please!
wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... have nice day da.
sorry, i'll call later
1) go to write msg 2) put on dictionary mode 3)cover the screen with hand, 4)press  &lt;#&gt; . 5)gently remove ur hand.. its interesting..:)
i'm fine. hope you are good. do take care.
fantasy football is back on your tv. go to sky gamestar on sky active and play ??250k dream team. scoring starts on saturday, so register now!sky opt out to 88088
when did dad get back.
i'm working technical support :)voice process.networking field.
dear :-/ why you mood off. i cant drive so i brother to drive
alright we'll bring it to you, see you in like  &lt;#&gt;  mins
hello. sort of out in town already. that . so dont rush home, i am eating nachos. will let you know eta.
i wont get concentration dear you know you are my mind and everything :-)
(you didn't hear it from me)
that's significant but dont worry.
doing my masters. when will you buy a bb cos i have for sale and how's bf
i had askd u a question some hours before. its answer
yes! the only place in town to meet exciting adult singles is now in the uk. txt chat to 86688 now! 150p/msg.
sorry, i'll call later in meeting.
dear all, as we know  &lt;#&gt; th is the  &lt;#&gt; th birthday of our loving gopalettan. we are planning to give a small gift on that day. those who like to participate in that you are welcome. please contact our admin team for more details
yup but it's not giving me problems now so mayb i'll jus leave it...
* am on my way
may i call you later pls
sorry about that this is my mates phone and i didnt write it love kate
no. i.ll meet you in the library
good afternoon, my love. it was good to see your words on ym and get your tm. very smart move, my slave ... *smiles* ... i drink my coffee and await you.
want 2 get laid tonight? want real dogging locations sent direct 2 ur mob? join the uk's largest dogging network bt txting gravel to 69888! nt. ec2a. 31p.msg@150p
oh dang! i didn't mean o send that to you! lol!
ranjith cal drpd deeraj and deepak 5min hold
alright. thanks for the advice. enjoy your night out. i'ma try to get some sleep...
okie.. thanx..
please call 08712402578 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you
men always needs a beautiful, intelligent, caring, loving, adjustable, cooperative wife. but the law allows only one wife....
did you hear about the new \divorce barbie\"? it comes with all of ken's stuff!"
hey!!! i almost forgot ... happy b-day babe ! i love ya!!
garbage bags, eggs, jam, bread, hannaford wheat chex
you have 1 new voicemail. please call 08719181513.
new textbuddy chat 2 horny guys in ur area 4 just 25p free 2 receive search postcode or at gaytextbuddy.com. txt one name to 89693. 08715500022 rpl stop 2 cnl
company is very good.environment is terrific and food is really nice:)
tell dear what happen to you. why you talking to me like an alian
cos i was out shopping wif darren jus now n i called him 2 ask wat present he wan lor. then he started guessing who i was wif n he finally guessed darren lor.
this pain couldn't have come at a worse time.
haha okay... today weekend leh...
so that takes away some money worries
your gonna have to pick up a $1 burger for yourself on your way home. i can't even move. pain is killing me.
man this bus is so so so slow. i think you're gonna get there before me
you have 1 new voicemail. please call 08719181513.
i wnt to buy a bmw car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  &lt;#&gt; lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. &lt;#&gt; lacs..thats my prob
no break time one... how... i come out n get my stuff fr ?_?
teach me apps da. when you come to college.
hiya do u like the hlday pics looked horrible in them so took mo out! hows the camp amrca thing? speak soon serena:)
please ask mummy to call father
yup i thk so until e shop closes lor.
i love to give massages. i use lots of baby oil... what is your fave position?
?? comin to fetch us oredi...
just glad to be talking to you.
those ducking chinchillas
erutupalam thandiyachu
where r we meeting?
the bus leaves at  &lt;#&gt;
sweet heart how are you?
then she buying today? ?? no need to c meh...
k k:) sms chat with me.
2p per min to call germany 08448350055 from your bt line. just 2p per min. check planettalkinstant.com for info & t's & c's. text stop to opt out
important information 4 orange user . today is your lucky day!2find out why log onto http://www.urawinner.com there's a fantastic surprise awaiting you!
was the actual exam harder than nbme
i will be gentle baby! soon you will be taking all  &lt;#&gt;  inches deep inside your tight pussy...
dear we got  &lt;#&gt;  dollars hi hi
your account has been refilled successfully by inr  &lt;decimal&gt; . your keralacircle prepaid account balance is rs  &lt;decimal&gt; . your transaction id is kr &lt;#&gt; .
hello handsome ! are you finding that job ? not being lazy ? working towards getting back that net for mummy ? where's my boytoy now ? does he miss me ?
lmao but its so fun...
urgent! your mobile number has been awarded with a ??2000 prize guaranteed. call 09058094454 from land line. claim 3030. valid 12hrs only
can not use foreign stamps in this country. good lecture .
new theory: argument wins d situation, but loses the person. so dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them &amp; say, i'm always correct.!
my battery is low babe
great! how is the office today?
please tell me not all of my car keys are in your purse
sports fans - get the latest sports news str* 2 ur mobile 1 wk free plus a free tone txt sport on to 8007 www.getzed.co.uk 0870141701216+ norm 4txt/120p
??_ and don???t worry we???ll have finished by march ??_ ish!
hasn't that been the pattern recently crap weekends?
how to make a girl happy? it's not at all difficult to make girls happy. u only need to be... 1. a friend 2. companion 3. lover 4. chef . . .  &lt;#&gt; . good listener  &lt;#&gt; . organizer  &lt;#&gt; . good boyfriend  &lt;#&gt; . very clean  &lt;#&gt; . sympathetic  &lt;#&gt; . athletic  &lt;#&gt; . warm . . .  &lt;#&gt; . courageous  &lt;#&gt; . determined  &lt;#&gt; . true  &lt;#&gt; . dependable  &lt;#&gt; . intelligent . . .  &lt;#&gt; . psychologist  &lt;#&gt; . pest exterminator  &lt;#&gt; . psychiatrist  &lt;#&gt; . healer . .  &lt;#&gt; . stylist  &lt;#&gt; . driver . . aaniye pudunga venaam..
leave it de:-). start prepare for next:-)..
call germany for only 1 pence per minute! call from a fixed line via access number 0844 861 85 85. no prepayment. direct access! www.telediscount.co.uk
u can win ??100 of music gift vouchers every week starting now txt the word draw to 87066 tscs www.idew.com skillgame, 1winaweek, age16. 150ppermesssubscription
sorry da:)i was thought of calling you lot of times:)lil busy.i will call you at noon..
no shoot me. i'm in the docs waiting room. :/
friendship is not a game to play, it is not a word to say, it doesn\'t start on march and ends on may, it is tomorrow, yesterday, today and e
my no. in luton 0125698789 ring me if ur around! h*
hungry gay guys feeling hungry and up 4 it, now. call 08718730555 just 10p/min. to stop texts call 08712460324 (10p/min)
k...k:)why cant you come here and search job:)
i'm in class. did you get my text.
nothing. can...
how are you enjoying this semester? take care brother.
omg how did u know what i ate?
i thank you so much for all you do with selflessness. i love you plenty.
or ?_ go buy wif him then i meet ?_ later can?
free any day but i finish at 6 on mon n thurs...
tomarrow i want to got to court. at  &lt;decimal&gt; . so you come to bus stand at 9.
pls go ahead with watts. i just wanted to be sure. do have a great weekend. abiola
get down in gandhipuram and walk to cross cut road. right side &lt;#&gt; street road and turn at first right.
mum, hope you are having a great day. hoping this text meets you well and full of life. have a great day. abiola
that seems unnecessarily affectionate
no. she's currently in scotland for that.
no message..no responce..what happend?
dunno lei he neva say...
urgent, important information for o2 user. today is your lucky day! 2 find out why log onto http://www.urawinner.com there is a fantastic surprise awaiting for you
what is your account number?
that means you got an a in epi, she.s fine. she.s here now.
you said not now. no problem. when you can. let me know.
we tried to call you re your reply to our sms for a video mobile 750 mins unlimited text free camcorder reply or call now 08000930705 del thurs
i've reached home finally...
yo guess what i just dropped
raji..pls do me a favour. pls convey my birthday wishes to nimya. pls. today is her birthday.
where are you ? what do you do ? how can you stand to be away from me ? doesn't your heart ache without me ? don't you wonder of me ? don't you crave me ?
rose for red,red for blood,blood for heart,heart for u. but u for me.... send tis to all ur friends.. including me.. if u like me.. if u get back, 1-u r poor in relation! 2-u need some 1 to support 3-u r frnd 2 many 4-some1 luvs u 5+- some1 is praying god to marry u.:-) try it....
i don't know jack shit about anything or i'd say/ask something helpful but if you want you can pretend that i did and just text me whatever in response to the hypotheticalhuagauahahuagahyuhagga
ok no prob. take ur time.
jus finish my lunch on my way home lor... i tot u dun wan 2 stay in sch today...
**free message**thanks for using the auction subscription service. 18 . 150p/msgrcvd 2 skip an auction txt out. 2 unsubscribe txt stop customercare 08718726270
love you aathi..love u lot..
life style garments account no please.
serious? what like proper tongued her
i hope you that's the result of being consistently intelligent and kind. start asking him about practicum links and keep your ears open and all the best. ttyl
thats cool. i am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
big brother alert! the computer has selected u for 10k cash or #150 voucher. call 09064018838. ntt po box cro1327 18+ bt landline cost 150ppm mobiles vary
first answer my question.
wat so late still early mah. or we juz go 4 dinner lor. aiya i dunno...
are you still playing with gautham?
beautiful tomorrow never comes.. when it comes, it's already today.. in the hunt of beautiful tomorrow don't waste your wonderful today.. goodmorning:)
i sent you the prices and do you mean the  &lt;#&gt; g,
thanks honey. have a great day.
will be office around 4 pm. now i am going hospital.
ups which is 3days also, and the shipping company that takes 2wks. the other way is usps which takes a week but when it gets to lag you may have to bribe nipost to get your stuff.
then mum's repent how?
its good, we'll find a way
go fool dont cheat others ok
what * u wearing?
yep get with the program. you're slacking.
under the sea, there lays a rock. in the rock, there is an envelope. in the envelope, there is a paper. on the paper, there are 3 words... '
yes..he is really great..bhaji told kallis best cricketer after sachin in world:).very tough to get out.
reminder from o2: to get 2.50 pounds free call credit and details of great offers pls reply 2 this text with your valid name, house no and postcode
thank you, winner notified by sms. good luck! no future marketing reply stop to 84122 customer services 08450542832
dear got bus directly to calicut
tell you what, if you make a little spreadsheet and track whose idea it was to smoke to determine who \smokes too much\" for the entire month of february
you can jot down things you want to remember later.
i not at home now lei...
yeah, probably earlier than that
brainless baby doll..:-d;-), vehicle sariyag drive madoke barolla..
i've reached sch already...
oh yeah clearly it's my fault
i am not having her number sir
&lt;#&gt;  am i think? should say on syllabus
haha mayb u're rite... u know me well. da feeling of being liked by someone is gd lor. u faster go find one then all gals in our group attached liao.
since when, which side, any fever, any vomitin.
macha dont feel upset.i can assume your mindset.believe me one evening with me and i have some wonderful plans for both of us.let life begin again.call me anytime
my tuition is at 330. hm we go for the 1120 to 1205 one? do you mind?
havent shopping now lor i juz arrive only
k i'll head out in a few mins, see you there
you 07801543489 are guaranteed the latests nokia phone, a 40gb ipod mp3 player or a ??500 prize! txt word:collect to no:83355! tc-llc ny-usa 150p/mt msgrcvd18+
babe! how goes that day ? what are you up to ? i miss you already, my love ... * loving kiss* ... i hope everything goes well.
\wen u miss someone  why to miss them  just keep-in-touch\" gdeve.."
not heard from u4 a while. call 4 rude chat private line 01223585334 to cum. wan 2c pics of me gettin shagged then text pix to 8552. 2end send stop 8552 sam xxx
freemsg: txt: call to no: 86888 & claim your reward of 3 hours talk time to use from your phone now! subscribe6gbp/mnth inc 3hrs 16 stop?txtstop
hi its in durban are you still on this number
do whatever you want. you know what the rules are. we had a talk earlier this week about what had to start happening, you showing responsibility. yet, every week it's can i bend the rule this way? what about that way? do whatever. i'm tired of having thia same argument with you every week. and a  &lt;#&gt;  movie doesnt inlude the previews. you're still getting in after 1.
if you have belive me. come to my home.
i dont know what to do to come out of this so only am ask questions like this dont mistake me.
ultimately tor motive tui achieve korli.
no probably  &lt;#&gt; %.
well she's in for a big surprise!
gosh that , what a pain. spose i better come then.
what is this 'hex' place you talk of? explain!
just making dinner, you ?
he's in lag. that's just the sad part but we keep in touch thanks to skype
weightloss! no more girl friends. make loads of money on ebay or something. and give thanks to god.
we tried to contact you re your reply to our offer of a video handset? 750 anytime any networks mins? unlimited text? camcorder? reply or call 08000930705 now
congratulations! thanks to a good friend u have won the ??2,000 xmas prize. 2 claim is easy, just call 08718726978 now! only 10p per minute. bt-national-rate
i asked you to call him now ok
i was about to do it when i texted. i finished a long time ago and showered and er'ything!
k..k.:)congratulation ..
thesmszone.com lets you send free anonymous and masked messages..im sending this message from there..do you see the potential for abuse???
no, but you told me you were going, before you got drunk!
you are always putting your business out there. you put pictures of your ass on facebook. you are one of the most open people i've ever met. why would i think a picture of your room would hurt you, make you feel violated.
i am going to sleep. i am tired of travel.
haha awesome, omw back now then
then i buy.
thanks for loving me so. you rock
going for dinner.msg you after.
do you know why god created gap between your fingers..? so that, one who is made for you comes &amp; fills those gaps by holding your hand with love..!
wat would u like 4 ur birthday?
i agree. so i can stop thinkin about ipad. can you please ask macho the same question.
haha... yup hopefully  we will lose a few kg by mon. after hip hop can go orchard and weigh again
hi darlin its kate are u up for doin somethin tonight? im going to a pub called the swan or something with my parents for one drink so phone me if u can
oh oh... den muz change plan liao... go back have to yan jiu again...
i think the other two still need to get cash but we can def be ready by 9
i'm on the bus. love you
yes ammae....life takes lot of turns you can only sit and try to hold the steering...
dear how you. are you ok?
u attend ur driving lesson how many times a wk n which day?
but you dint in touch with me.
i not free today i haf 2 pick my parents up tonite...
shopping? eh ger i toking abt syd leh...haha
please call our customer service representative on 0800 169 6031 between 10am-9pm as you have won a guaranteed ??1000 cash or ??5000 prize!
bring home some wendy =d
maybe i could get book out tomo then return it immediately ..? or something.
nope. meanwhile she talk say make i greet you.
jay wants to work out first, how's 4 sound?
fyi i'm at usf now, swing by the room whenever
a ??400 xmas reward is waiting for you! our computer has randomly picked you from our loyal mobile customers to receive a ??400 reward. just call 09066380611
no i'm not. i can't give you everything you want and need. you actually could do better for yourself on yor own--you've got more money than i do. i can't get work, i can't get a man, i can't pay the rent, i can't even fill my fucking gas tank. yes, i'm stressed and depressed. i didn't even call home for thanksgiving cuz i'll have to tell them i,m up to nothing.
oh baby of the house. how come you dont have any new pictures on facebook
nice. wait...should you be texting right now? i'm not gonna pay your ticket, ya know!
did u get that message
* was thinking about chuckin ur red green n black trainners 2 save carryin them bac on train
pansy! you've been living in a jungle for two years! its my driving you should be more worried about!
hey company elama po mudyadhu.
mm so you asked me not to call radio
pls confirm the time to collect the cheque.
how is my boy? no sweet words left for me this morning ... *sighs* ... how goes you day, my love ? did you start your studying?
ok u can take me shopping when u get paid =d
purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..its about smiling just by seeing the name. gud evng
you have won a guaranteed ??1000 cash or a ??2000 prize. to claim yr prize call our customer service representative on 08714712412 between 10am-7pm cost 10p
unni thank you dear for the recharge..rakhesh
sorry i flaked last night, shit's seriously goin down with my roommate, what you up to tonight?
please reserve ticket on saturday eve from chennai to thirunelvali and again from tirunelvali to chennai on sunday eve...i already see in net..no ticket available..i want to book ticket through tackle ..
hey babe! i saw you came online for a second and then you disappeared, what happened ?
living is very simple.. loving is also simple.. laughing is too simple.. winning is tooo simple.. but, being 'simple' is very difficult.. gud nte.:-
whom you waited for yesterday
18 days to euro2004 kickoff! u will be kept informed of all the latest news and results daily. unsubscribe send get euro stop to 83222.
i'm back, lemme know when you're ready
lemme know when i can swing by and pick up, i'm free basically any time after 1 all this semester
are you in castor? you need to see something
all day working day:)except saturday and sunday..
juz now havent woke up so a bit blur blur... can? dad went out liao... i cant cum now oso...
you still around? looking to pick up later
thank you meet you monday
now only i reached home. . . i am very tired now. . i will come tomorro
save money on wedding lingerie at www.bridal.petticoatdreams.co.uk choose from a superb selection with national delivery. brought to you by weddingfriend
just got to  &lt;#&gt;
can you do online transaction?
s s..first time..dhoni rocks...
as per your request 'melle melle (oru minnaminunginte nurungu vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all callers. press *9 to copy your friends callertune
get 3 lions england tone, reply lionm 4 mono or lionp 4 poly. 4 more go 2 www.ringtones.co.uk, the original n best. tones 3gbp network operator rates apply
congrats! nokia 3650 video camera phone is your call 09066382422 calls cost 150ppm ave call 3mins vary from mobiles 16+ close 300603 post bcm4284 ldn wc1n3xx
is it your yahoo boys that bring in the perf? or legal.
poyyarikatur,kolathupalayam,unjalur post,erode dis, &lt;#&gt; .
could you not read me, my love ? i answered you
is ur lecture over?
y she dun believe leh? i tot i told her it's true already. i thk she muz c us tog then she believe.
esplanade lor. where else...
get ready for  &lt;#&gt;  inches of pleasure...
missing you too.pray inshah allah
hello- thanx for taking that call. i got a job! starts on monday!
so ?_'ll be submitting da project tmr rite?
whatsup there. dont u want to sleep
lol i would but my mom would have a fit and tell the whole family how crazy and terrible i am
said kiss, kiss, i can't do the sound effects! he is a gorgeous man isn't he! kind of person who needs a smile to brighten his day!
good morning my dear........... have a great &amp; successful day.
if you r @ home then come down within 5 min
in case you wake up wondering where i am, i forgot i have to take care of something for grandma today, should be done before the parade
not..tel software name..
sorry to trouble u again. can buy 4d for my dad again? 1405, 1680, 1843. all 2 big 1 small, sat n sun. thanx.
my uncles in atlanta. wish you guys a great semester.
honeybee said: *i'm d sweetest in d world* god laughed &amp; said: *wait,u havnt met d person reading this msg* moral: even god can crack jokes! gm+gn+ge+gn:)
amazing : if you rearrange these letters it gives the same meaning... dormitory = dirty room astronomer = moon starer the eyes = they see election results = lies lets recount mother-in-law = woman hitler eleven plus two =twelve plus one its amazing... !:-)
reason is if the team budget is available at last they buy the unsold players for at base rate..
mystery solved! just opened my email and he's sent me another batch! isn't he a sweetie
sorry, i'll call later
i knew it... u slept v late yest? wake up so late...
argh my 3g is spotty, anyway the only thing i remember from the research we did was that province and sterling were the only problem-free places we looked at
hi darlin im missin u hope you are having a good time. when are u back and what time if u can give me a call at home. jess xx
thank you so much. when we skyped wit kz and sura, we didnt get the pleasure of your company. hope you are good. we've given you ultimatum oh! we are countin down to aburo. enjoy!
the xmas story is peace.. the xmas msg is love.. the xmas miracle is jesus.. hav a blessed month ahead &amp; wish u merry xmas...
trust me. even if isn't there, its there.
we'll you pay over like  &lt;#&gt; yrs so its not too difficult
txt: call to no: 86888 & claim your reward of 3 hours talk time to use from your phone now! subscribe6gbp/mnth inc 3hrs 16 stop?txtstop www.gamb.tv
dear,shall mail tonite.busy in the street,shall update you tonite.things are looking ok.varunnathu edukkukayee raksha ollu.but a good one in real sense.
hi princess! thank you for the pics. you are very pretty. how are you?
yup i shd haf ard 10 pages if i add figures... ?? all got how many pages?
allo! we have braved the buses and taken on the trains and triumphed. i mean we???re in b???ham. have a jolly good rest of week
natalja (25/f) is inviting you to be her friend. reply yes-440 or no-440 see her: www.sms.ac/u/nat27081980 stop? send stop frnd to 62468
almost there, see u in a sec
i am not having her number sir
09066362231 urgent! your mobile no 07xxxxxxxxx won a ??2,000 bonus caller prize on 02/06/03! this is the 2nd attempt to reach you! call 09066362231 asap!
did u receive my msg?
you are a winner you have been specially selected to receive ??1000 cash or a ??2000 award. speak to a live operator to claim call 087147123779am-7pm. cost 10p
bull. your plan was to go floating off to ikea with me without a care in the world. so i have to live with your mess another day.
10 min later k...
sunshine quiz wkly q! win a top sony dvd player if u know which country the algarve is in? txt ansr to 82277. ??1.50 sp:tyrone
7 lor... change 2 suntec... wat time u coming?
send this to ur friends and receive something about ur voice..... how is my speaking expression? 1.childish 2.naughty 3.sentiment 4.rowdy 5.ful of attitude 6.romantic 7.shy 8.attractive 9.funny  &lt;#&gt; .irritating  &lt;#&gt; .lovable. reply me..
wah... okie okie... muz make use of e unlimited... haha...
you tell what happen dont behave like this to me. ok no need to say
hui xin is in da lib.
hi, my love! how goes that day? fuck, this morning i woke and dropped my cell on the way down the stairs but it seems alright ... *phews* i miss you !
sounds good, keep me posted
get ready to put on your excellent sub face :)
cos i want it to be your thing
urgent!: your mobile no. was awarded a ??2,000 bonus caller prize on 02/09/03! this is our 2nd attempt to contact you! call 0871-872-9755 box95qu
last chance! claim ur ??150 worth of discount vouchers today! text shop to 85023 now! savamob, offers mobile! t cs savamob pobox84, m263uz. ??3.00 sub. 16
want to finally have lunch today?
i am getting threats from your sales executive shifad as i raised complaint against him. its an official message.
ill call you evening ill some ideas.
i want to grasp your pretty booty :)
no no. i will check all rooms befor activities
dai  &lt;#&gt;  naal eruku.
have you heard about that job? i'm going to that wildlife talk again tonight if u want2come. its that2worzels and a wizzle or whatever it is?!
latest news! police station toilet stolen, cops have nothing to go on!
tell where you reached
thanx 4 e brownie it's v nice...
anyway seriously hit me up when you're back because otherwise i have to light up with armand and he always has shit and/or is vomiting
that's very rude, you on campus?
busy here. trying to finish for new year. i am looking forward to finally meeting you...
depends on quality. if you want the type i sent boye, faded glory, then about 6. if you want ralphs maybe 2
abeg, make profit. but its a start. are you using it to get sponsors for the next event?
ho ho - big belly laugh! see ya tomo
hey mate! hows u honey?did u ave good holiday? gimmi de goss!x
what happen dear. why you silent. i am tensed
sen told that he is going to join his uncle finance in cbe
nothing but we jus tot u would ask cos u ba gua... but we went mt faber yest... yest jus went out already mah so today not going out... jus call lor...
hey we can go jazz power yoga hip hop kb and yogasana
for ur chance to win a ??250 cash every wk txt: action to 80608. t's&c's www.movietrivia.tv custcare 08712405022, 1x150p/wk.
you in your room? i need a few
two teams waiting for some players
sorry, i'll call later
hm good morning, headache anyone? :-)
dad went out oredi...
i ain't answerin no phone at what is actually a pretty reasonable hour but i'm sleepy
urgent! you have won a 1 week free membership in our ??100,000 prize jackpot! txt the word: claim to no: 81010 t&c www.dbuk.net lccltd pobox 4403ldnw1a7rw18
surely result will offer:)
an excellent thought by a misundrstud frnd: i knw u hate me bt the day wen u'll knw the truth u'll hate urself:-( gn:-)
hey you still want to go for yogasana? coz if we end at cine then can go bathe and hav the steam bath
yeah do! don???t stand to close tho- you???ll catch something!
gud ni8 dear..slp well..take care..swt dreams..muah..
come to me right now, ahmad
oh thanks a lot..i already bought 2 eggs ..
that's the way you should stay oh.
wrong phone! this phone! i answer this one but assume the other is people i don't well
someone has contacted our dating service and entered your phone because they fancy you! to find out who it is call from a landline 09111032124 . pobox12n146tf150p
cool, text me when you're parked
so there's a ring that comes with the guys costumes. it's there so they can gift their future yowifes. hint hint
am up to my eyes in philosophy
orange customer, you may now claim your free camera phone upgrade for your loyalty. call now on 0207 153 9996. offer ends 14thmarch. t&c's apply. opt-out availa
hello! how r u? im bored. inever thought id get bored with the tv but i am. tell me something exciting has happened there? anything! =/
it's justbeen overa week since we broke up and already our brains are going to mush!
pls send me your address sir.
todays voda numbers ending with 7634 are selected to receive a ??350 reward. if you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 7684 standard rates apply.
more people are dogging in your area now. call 09090204448 and join like minded guys. why not arrange 1 yourself. there's 1 this evening. a??1.50 minapn ls278bb
dear are you angry i was busy dear
lol boo i was hoping for a laugh
it???s reassuring, in this crazy world.
every day i use to sleep after  &lt;#&gt;  so only.
then anything special?
dont know supports ass and srt i thnk. i think ps3 can play through usb too
sounds like something that someone testing me would sayy
do you know why god created gap between your fingers..? so that, one who is made for you comes &amp; fills those gaps by holding your hand with love..!
oi. ami parchi na re. kicchu kaaj korte iccha korche na. phone ta tul na. plz. plz.
can a not?
sending you greetings of joy and happiness. do have a gr8 evening
i'm vivek:)i got call from your number.
hey darlin.. i can pick u up at college if u tell me wen & where 2 mt.. love pete xx
ok try to do week end course in coimbatore.
all will come alive.better correct any good looking figure there itself..
i.ll give her once i have it. plus she said grinule greet you whenever we speak
i can call in  &lt;#&gt;  min if thats ok
u say leh... of course nothing happen lar. not say v romantic jus a bit only lor. i thk e nite scenery not so nice leh.
i'll see, but prolly yeah
seriously. tell her those exact words right now.
the monthly amount is not that terrible and you will not pay anything till 6months after finishing school.
thank god they are in bed!
1 i don't have her number and 2 its gonna be a massive pain in the ass and i'd rather not get involved if that's possible
there are no other charges after transfer charges and you can withdraw anyhow you like
going to join tomorrow.
yeah sure i'll leave in a min
oh unintentionally not bad timing. great. fingers  the trains play along! will give fifteen min warning.
nvm it's ok...
sorry dude. dont know how i forgot. even after dan reminded me. sorry. hope you guys had fun.
ok... ur typical reply...
sorry man my account's dry or i would, if you want we could trade back half or i could buy some shit with my credit card
then ur physics get a-?
no da if you run that it activate the full version da.
k k pa had your lunch aha.
well i might not come then...
once free call me sir. i am waiting for you.
early bird! any purchases yet?
your brother is a genius
then ?_ ask dad to pick ?_ up lar... ?? wan 2 stay until 6 meh...
urgent! we are trying to contact u. todays draw shows that you have won a ??800 prize guaranteed. call 09050001295 from land line. claim a21. valid 12hrs only
rt-king pro video club>> need help? info@ringtoneking.co.uk or call 08701237397 you must be 16+ club credits redeemable at www.ringtoneking.co.uk! enjoy!
in the simpsons movie released in july 2007 name the band that died at the start of the film? a-green day, b-blue day, c-red day. (send a, b or c)
i am on the way to ur home
well, i'm gonna finish my bath now. have a good...fine night.
spook up your mob with a halloween collection of a logo & pic message plus a free eerie tone, txt card spook to 8007 zed 08701417012150p per logo/pic
you dont know you jabo me abi.
good afternoon sexy buns! how goes the job search ? i wake and you are my first thought as always, my love. i wish your fine and happy and know i adore you!
idea will soon get converted to live:)
oh really? perform, write a paper, go to a movie and be home by midnight, huh?
christmas is an occasion that is celebrated as a reflection of ur... values..., desires..., affections...&amp; traditions.... have an ideal christmas...
haha yeah i see that now, be there in a sec
but i'll b going 2 sch on mon. my sis need 2 take smth.
where wuld i be without my baby? the thought alone mite break me and i don??t wanna go crazy but everyboy needs his lady xxxxxxxx
are you planning to come chennai?
you have to pls make a note of all she.s exposed to. also find out from her school if anyone else was vomiting. is there a dog or cat in the house? let me know later.
do we have any spare power supplies
pls ask macho how much is budget for bb bold 2 is cos i saw a new one for  &lt;#&gt;  dollars.
how i noe... did ?_ specify da domain as nusstu... ?? still in sch...
ambrith..madurai..met u in arun dha marrge..remembr?
how is it possible to teach you. and where.
you also didnt get na hi hi hi hi hi
am i the only one who doesn't stalk profiles?
free for 1st week! no1 nokia tone 4 ur mob every week just txt nokia to 8007 get txting and tell ur mates www.getzed.co.uk pobox 36504 w45wq norm150p/tone 16+
that's necessarily respectful
what does the dance river do?
k, i'll work something out
it has issues right now. ill fix for her by tomorrow.
i wonder if your phone battery went dead ? i had to tell you, i love you babe
26th of july
just seeing your missed call my dear brother. do have a gr8 day.
please call our customer service representative on freephone 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you have won a guaranteed ??1000 cash or ??5000 prize!
k.k:)apo k.good movie.
she went to attend another two rounds today..but still did't reach home..
i have 2 sleeping bags, 1 blanket and paper and  phone details. anything else?
what u mean u almost done? done wif sleeping? but i tot u going to take a nap.. yup i send her liao so i'm picking her up at ard 4 smth lor..
ok... c ya...
like i made him throw up when we were smoking in our friend's car one time, it was awesome
sms. ac jsco: energy is high, but u may not know where 2channel it. 2day ur leadership skills r strong. psychic? reply ans w/question. end? reply end jsco
yeah go on then, bored and depressed sittin waitin for phone to ring... hope the wind drops though, scary
hi this is amy, we will be sending you a free phone number in a couple of days, which will give you an access to all the adult parties...
(that said can you text him one more time?)
today's offer! claim ur ??150 worth of discount vouchers! text yes to 85023 now! savamob, member offers mobile! t cs 08717898035. ??3.00 sub. 16 . unsub reply x
u sick still can go shopping?
shall i come to get pickle
you know my old dom i told you about yesterday ? his name is roger? he got in touch with me last night and wants me to meet him today at 2 pm
\hi missed your call and my mumhas beendropping red wine all over theplace! what is your adress?\""
tell your friends what you plan to do on valentines day @ &lt;url&gt;
howz that persons story
sorry, i'll call later
he is there. you call and meet him
oic... i saw him too but i tot he din c me... i found a group liao...
i want to be there so i can kiss you and feel you next to me
congratulations ur awarded 500 of cd vouchers or 125gift guaranteed & free entry 2 100 wkly draw txt music to 87066
neft transaction with reference number  &lt;#&gt;  for rs. &lt;decimal&gt;  has been credited to the beneficiary account on  &lt;#&gt;  at  &lt;time&gt; : &lt;#&gt;
that's y u haf 2 keep me busy...
hi hun! im not comin 2nite-tell every1 im sorry 4 me, hope u ava goodtime!oli rang melnite ifink it mite b sorted,but il explain everythin on mon.l8rs.x
em, its olowoyey@ usc.edu have a great time in argentina. not sad about secretary, everything is a blessing
good night my dear.. sleepwell&amp;take care
hot live fantasies call now 08707509020 just 20p per min ntt ltd, po box 1327 croydon cr9 5wb 0870 is a national rate call
huh so late... fr dinner?
ree entry in 2 a weekly comp for a chance to win an ipod. txt pod to 80182 to get entry (std txt rate) t&c's apply 08452810073 for details 18+
how much for an eighth?
prof: you have passed in all the papers in this sem congrats . . . . student: enna kalaachutaarama..!! prof:???? gud mrng!
what do u reckon as need 2 arrange transport if u can't do it, thanks
where did u go? my phone is gonna die you have to stay in here
i'm going 4 lunch now wif my family then aft dat i go str 2 orchard lor.
ok lar i double check wif da hair dresser already he said wun cut v short. he said will cut until i look nice.
try neva mate!!
come to medical college at 7pm ......forward it da
send ur birthdate with month and year, i will tel u ur life partner's name. and the method of calculation. reply must.
sad story of a man - last week was my b'day. my wife did'nt wish me. my parents forgot n so did my kids . i went to work. even my colleagues did not wish. as i entered my cabin my pa said, '' happy b'day boss !!''. i felt special. she askd me 4 lunch. after lunch she invited me to her apartment. we went there. she said,'' do u mind if i go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''ok'', i sed in a sexy mood. she came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n my wife, my parents, my kidz, my friends n my colleagues. all screaming.. surprise !! and i was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' naked...!
no. it's not pride. i'm almost  &lt;#&gt;  years old and shouldn't be takin money from my kid. you're not supposed to have to deal with this stuff. this is grownup stuff--why i don't tell you.
meet you in corporation st outside gap ??_ you can see how my mind is working!
i dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
this weekend is fine (an excuse not to do too much decorating)
hmm ok, i'll stay for like an hour cos my eye is really sore!
i'm at work. please call
okay but i thought you were the expert
have you finished work yet? :)
badrith is only for chennai:)i will surely pick for us:)no competition for him.
i can't right this second, gotta hit people up first
orange brings you ringtones from all time chart heroes, with a free hit each week! go to ringtones & pics on wap. to stop receiving these tips reply stop.
awesome, how do i deal with the gate? charles told me last night but, uh, yeah
sexy singles are waiting for you! text your age followed by your gender as wither m or f e.g.23f. for gay men text your age followed by a g. e.g.23g.
dont search love, let love find u. thats why its called falling in love, bcoz u dont force yourself, u just fall and u know there is smeone to hold u... bslvyl
yo, you gonna still be in stock tomorrow/today? i'm trying to get a dubsack
great to hear you are settling well. so what's happenin wit ola?
you call him now ok i said call him
you will be in the place of that man
did u find out what time the bus is at coz i need to sort some stuff out.
we walked from my moms. right on stagwood pass right on winterstone left on victors hill. address is &lt;#&gt;
wat time ?_ finish?
do you want a new video phone? 600 anytime any network mins 400 inclusive video calls and downloads 5 per week free deltomorrow call 08002888812 or reply now
i love your ass! do you enjoy doggy style? :)
wait that's still not all that clear, were you not sure about me being sarcastic or that that's why x doesn't want to live with us
i can't keep going through this. it was never my intention to run you out, but if you choose to do that rather than keep the room clean so *i* don't have to say no to visitors, then maybe that's the best choice. yes, i wanted you to be embarassed, so maybe you'd feel for once how i feel when i have a friend who wants to drop buy and i have to say no, as happened this morning. i've tried everything. i don't know what else to do.
desires- u going to doctor 4 liver. and get a bit stylish. get ur hair managed. thats it.
tyler (getting an 8th) has to leave not long after 9, can you get here in like an hour?
hi i won't b ard 4 christmas. but do enjoy n merry x'mas.
nothing much, chillin at home. any super bowl plan?
slaaaaave ! where are you ? must i summon you to me all the time now ? don't you wish to come to me on your own anymore?
when're you guys getting back? g said you were thinking about not staying for mcr
it's ok i noe u're busy but i'm really too bored so i msg u. i oso dunno wat colour she choose 4 me one.
what's up. do you want me to come online?
:-( that's not v romantic!
yes baby! i need to stretch open your pussy!
i wan but too early lei... me outside now wun b home so early... neva mind then...
tessy..pls do me a favor. pls convey my birthday wishes to nimya..pls dnt forget it. today is her birthday shijas
jus chillaxin, what up
wishing you a wonderful week.
freemsg why haven't you replied to my text? i'm randy, sexy, female and live local. luv to hear from u. netcollex ltd 08700621170150p per msg reply stop to end
new theory: argument wins d situation, but loses the person. so dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them &amp; say, i'm always correct.!
wait  &lt;#&gt;  min..
o shore are you takin the bus
i actually did for the first time in a while. i went to bed not too long after i spoke with you. woke up at 7. how was your night?
so wat's da decision?
message:some text missing* sender:name missing* *number missing *sent:date missing *missing u a lot thats y everything is missing sent via fullonsms.com
i think your mentor is , but not 100 percent sure.
shhhhh nobody is supposed to know!
how are you babes. hope your doing ok. i had a shit nights sleep. i fell asleep at 5.i??m knackered and i??m dreading work tonight. what are thou upto tonight. x
oh right, ok. i'll make sure that i do loads of work during the day!  got a really nasty cough today and is dry n shot so that should really help it!
someone u know has asked our dating service 2 contact you! cant guess who? call 09058091854 now all will be revealed. po box385 m6 6wu
and now electricity just went out fml.
yup i'm elaborating on the safety aspects and some other issues..
i am not at all happy with what you saying or doing
ok... thanx... gd nite 2 ?_ too...
stupid.its not possible
save yourself the stress. if the person has a dorm account, just send your account details and the money will be sent to you.
dad wanted to talk about the apartment so i got a late start, omw now
new theory: argument wins d situation, but loses the person. so dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them &amp; say, i'm always correct.!
?? only send me the contents page...
when you and derek done with class?
i'm used to it. i just hope my agents don't drop me since i've only booked a few things this year. this whole me in boston, them in nyc was an experiment.
just taste fish curry :-p
how long before you get reply, just defer admission til next semester
long after i quit. i get on only like 5 minutes a day as it is.
ok i vl..do u know i got adsense approved..
sorry, i'll call later
oh really?? did you make it on air? what's your talent?
o turns out i had stereo love on mi phone under the unknown album.
stop calling everyone saying i might have cancer. my throat hurts to talk. i can't be answering everyones calls. if i get one more call i'm not babysitting on monday
ok how you dear. did you call chechi
sure but since my parents will be working on tuesday i don't really need a cover story
no let me do the math. your not good at it.
ball is moving a lot.will spin in last :)so very difficult to bat:)
ugh just got outta class
what time is ur flight tmr?
k.:)do it at evening da:)urgent:)
i love you !!! you know? can you feel it? does it make your belly warm? i wish it does, my love ... i shall meet you in your dreams, ahmad ... *adoring kiss*
yar but they say got some error.
don't look back at the building because you have no coat and i don't want you to get more sick. just hurry home and wear a coat to the gym!!!
send me the new number
you won't believe it but it's true. it's incredible txts! reply g now to learn truly amazing things that will blow your mind. from o2fwd only 18p/txt
hello! how's you and how did saturday go? i was just texting to see if you'd decided to do anything tomo. not that i'm trying to invite myself or anything!
me too watching surya movie only. . .after 6 pm vijay movie pokkiri
probably not, i'm almost out of gas and i get some cash tomorrow
you have won a guaranteed ??1000 cash or a ??2000 prize. to claim yr prize call our customer service representative on 08714712394 between 10am-7pm
they will pick up and drop in car.so no problem..
dude avatar 3d was imp. at one point i thought there were actually flies in the room and almost tried hittng one as a reflex
u 447801259231 have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with u-find out who they r*reveal who thinks ur so special-call on 09058094597
you are being contacted by our dating service by someone you know! to find out who it is, call from a land line 09050000878. pobox45w2tg150p
hi , where are you? we're at  and they're not keen to go out i kind of am but feel i shouldn't so can we go out tomo, don't mind do you?
yeah sure thing mate haunt got all my stuff sorted but im going sound anyway promoting hex for .by the way who is this? dont know number. joke
plz note: if anyone calling from a mobile co. &amp; asks u to type # &lt;#&gt;  or # &lt;#&gt; . do not do so. disconnect the call,coz it iz an attempt of 'terrorist' to make use of the sim card no. itz confirmd by nokia n motorola n has been verified by cnn ibn.
rofl. its true to its name
take something for pain. if it moves however to any side in the next 6hrs see a doctor.
moon has come to color your dreams, stars to make them musical and my sms to give you warm and peaceful sleep. good night
if you don't, your prize will go to another customer. t&c at www.t-c.biz 18+ 150p/min polo ltd suite 373 london w1j 6hl please call back if busy
i wnt to buy a bmw car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  &lt;#&gt; lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. &lt;#&gt; lacs..thats my prob
romantic paris. 2 nights, 2 flights from ??79 book now 4 next year. call 08704439680ts&cs apply.
senthil group company apnt 5pm.
k..k...from tomorrow onwards started ah?
how many times i told in the stage all use to laugh. you not listen aha.
my love ! how come it took you so long to leave for zaher's? i got your words on ym and was happy to see them but was sad you had left. i miss you
urgent -call 09066649731from landline. your complimentary 4* ibiza holiday or ??10,000 cash await collection sae t&cs po box 434 sk3 8wp 150ppm 18+
i call you later, don't have network. if urgnt, sms me.
lol ... i really need to remember to eat when i'm drinking but i do appreciate you keeping me company that night babe *smiles*
detroit. the home of snow. enjoy it.
wa... u so efficient... gee... thanx...
some of them told accenture is not confirm. is it true.
no calls..messages..missed calls
yep, by the pretty sculpture
?? neva tell me how i noe... i'm not at home in da aft wat...
a few people are at the game, i'm at the mall with iouri and kaila
not thought bout it... || drink in tap & spile at seven. || is that pub on gas st off broad st by canal. || ok?
(bank of granite issues strong-buy) explosive pick for our members *****up over 300% *********** nasdaq symbol cdgt that is a $5.00 per..
urgent! you have won a 1 week free membership in our ??100,000 prize jackpot! txt the word: claim to no: 81010 t&c www.dbuk.net lccltd pobox 4403ldnw1a7rw18
on the road so cant txt
erm. i thought the contract ran out the4th of october.
moby pub quiz.win a ??100 high street prize if u know who the new duchess of cornwall will be? txt her first name to 82277.unsub stop ??1.50 008704050406 sp arrow
today is \song dedicated day..\" which song will u dedicate for me? send this to all ur valuable frnds but first rply me..."
you have 1 new message. please call 08718738034.
you will be in the place of that man
she is our sister.. she belongs 2 our family.. she is d hope of tomorrow.. pray 4 her,who was fated 4 d shoranur train incident. lets hold our hands together &amp; fuelled by love &amp; concern prior 2 her grief &amp; pain. pls join in dis chain &amp; pass it. stop violence against women.
sorry, i guess whenever i can get a hold of my connections, maybe an hour or two? i'll text you
update_now - xmas offer! latest motorola, sonyericsson & nokia & free bluetooth! double mins & 1000 txt on orange. call mobileupd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/f4q=
would really appreciate if you call me. just need someone to talk to.
?? called dad oredi...
i see. when we finish we have loads of loans to pay
aiyar dun disturb u liao... thk u have lots 2 do aft ur cupboard come...
hmmm.still we dont have opener?
are you there in room.
life has never been this much fun and great until you came in. you made it truly special for me. i won't forget you! enjoy @ one gbp/sms
someonone you know is trying to contact you via our dating service! to find out who it could be call from your mobile or landline 09064015307 box334sk38ch
* will be september by then!
gumby's has a special where a  &lt;#&gt; \ cheese pizza is $2 so i know what we're doin tonight"
private! your 2003 account statement for shows 800 un-redeemed s.i.m. points. call 08715203685 identifier code:4xx26 expires 13/10/04
yeah probably, i still gotta check out with leo
soon you will have the real thing princess! do i make you wet? :)
have you always been saying welp?
sunshine hols. to claim ur med holiday send a stamped self address envelope to drinks on us uk, po box 113, bray, wicklow, eire. quiz starts saturday! unsub stop
s...i will take mokka players only:)
i havent add ?_ yet right..
cos daddy arranging time c wat time fetch ?_ mah...
let me know when you've got the money so carlos can make the call
does she usually take fifteen fucking minutes to respond to a yes or no question
oh is it! which brand?
hey... what time is your driving on fri? we go for evaluation on fri?
y dun cut too short leh. u dun like ah? she failed. she's quite sad.
pls dont restrict her from eating anythin she likes for the next two days.
good good, billy mates all gone. just been jogging, again! did enjoy concert?
just got part nottingham - 3 hrs 63miles. good thing i love my man so much, but only doing 40mph. hey ho
then its most likely called mittelschmertz. google it. if you dont have paracetamol dont worry it will go.
take care n get well soon
the current leading bid is 151. to pause this auction send out. customer care: 08718726270
ever thought about living a good life with a perfect partner? just txt back name and age to join the mobile community. (100p/sms)
we're done...
happy or sad , one thing about past is- \its no more\" good morning :-):-)."
so what do you guys do.
my phone
huh... hyde park not in mel ah, opps, got confused... anyway, if tt's e best choice den we juz have to take it...
he fucking chickened out. he messaged me he would be late and woould buzz me and then i didn't hear a word from him
i'm so in love with you. i'm excited each day i spend with you. you make me so happy.
dunno, my dad said he coming home 2 bring us out 4 lunch. yup i go w u lor. i call u when i reach school lor...
but i juz remembered i gotta bathe my dog today..
todays vodafone numbers ending with 4882 are selected to a receive a ??350 award. if your number matches call 09064019014 to receive your ??350 award.
free entry in 2 a weekly comp for a chance to win an ipod. txt pod to 80182 to get entry (std txt rate) t&c's apply 08452810073 for details 18+
is it ok if i stay the night here? xavier has a sleeping bag and i'm getting tired
got hella gas money, want to go on a grand nature adventure with galileo in a little bit?
dont gimme that lip caveboy
i think chennai well settled?
im gonnamissu so much!!i would say il send u a postcard buttheres aboutas much chance of merememberin asthere is ofsi not breakin his contract!! luv yaxx
from next month get upto 50% more calls 4 ur standard network charge 2 activate call 9061100010 c wire3.net 1st4terms pobox84 m26 3uz cost ??1.50 min mobcudb more
aight fuck it, i'll get it later
can you talk with me..
ok that's great thanx a lot.
can't. i feel nauseous. i'm so pissed. i didn't eat any sweets all week cause today i was planning to pig out. i was dieting all week. and now i'm not hungry :/
send me your resume:-)
u have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with u-find out who they r*reveal who thinks ur so special-call on 09058094599
private! your 2004 account statement for 07742676969 shows 786 unredeemed bonus points. to claim call 08719180248 identifier code: 45239 expires
it???s ??6 to get in, is that ok?
no da. . vijay going to talk in jaya tv
then u go back urself lor...
your opinion about me? 1. over 2. jada 3. kusruthi 4. lovable 5. silent 6. spl character 7. not matured 8. stylish 9. simple pls reply..
i'm on da bus going home...
i need details about that online job.
his frens go then he in lor. not alone wif my mum n sis lor.
awesome, plan to get here any time after like  &lt;#&gt; , i'll text you details in a wee bit
yes but can we meet in town cos will go to gep and then home. you could text at bus stop. and don't worry we'll have finished by march ??_ ish!
ok. i only ask abt e movie. u wan ktv oso?
dunno lei... i might b eatin wif my frens... if ?_ wan to eat then i wait 4 ?_ lar
have a good trip. watch out for . remember when you get back we must decide about easter.
oh gei. that happend to me in tron. maybe ill dl it in 3d when its out
this phone has the weirdest auto correct.
dude we should go sup again
tiwary to rcb.battle between bang and kochi.
already am squatting is the new way of walking
ok...
set a place for me in your heart and not in your mind, as the mind easily forgets but the heart will always remember. wish you happy valentines day!
the greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart....gn tc
aww that's the first time u said u missed me without asking if i missed u first. you do love me! :)
haha... hope ?_ can hear the receipt sound... gd luck!
yes. i come to nyc for audiitions and am trying to relocate.
at what time should i come tomorrow
yeah it's jus rite...
after my work ah... den 6 plus lor... u workin oso rite... den go orchard lor, no other place to go liao...
what do u want for xmas? how about 100 free text messages & a new video phone with half price line rental? call free now on 0800 0721072 to find out more!
ola would get back to you maybe not today but i ve told him you can be his direct link in the us in getting cars he bids for online, you arrange shipping and you get a cut. or u????? for a partnership where u????? invest money for shipping and he takes care of the rest!u??wud b self reliant soon dnt worry
still i have not checked it da. . .
freemsg:feelin kinda lnly hope u like 2 keep me company! jst got a cam moby wanna c my pic?txt or reply date to 82242 msg150p 2rcv hlp 08712317606 stop to 82242
i finished my lunch already. u wake up already?
whatever, im pretty pissed off.
can you open the door?
just come home. i don't want u to be miserable
oh ok..
ha ha - had popped down to the loo when you hello-ed me. hello!
babe? you said 2 hours and it's been almost 4 ... is your internet down ?
we have all rounder:)so not required:)
i'll see if i can swing by in a bit, got some things to take care of here firsg
wait . i will msg after  &lt;#&gt;  min.
say this slowly.? god,i love you &amp; i need you,clean my heart with your blood.send this to ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it...
i want to show you the world, princess :) how about europe?
i wish! i don't think its gonna snow that much. but it will be more than those flurries we usually get that melt before they hit the ground. eek! we haven't had snow since &lt;#&gt; before i was even born!
sir goodmorning, once free call me.
its ok my arm is feeling weak cuz i got a shot so we can go another time
i have 2 docs appointments next week.:/ i'm tired of them shoving stuff up me. ugh why couldn't i have had a normal body?
pathaya enketa maraikara pa'
dunno leh cant remember mayb lor. so wat time r we meeting tmr?
ok... u enjoy ur shows...
sweetheart, hope you are not having that kind of day! have one with loads of reasons to smile. biola
mum say we wan to go then go... then she can shun bian watch da glass exhibition...
?? predict wat time ?_'ll finish buying?
are you unique enough? find out from 30th august. www.areyouunique.co.uk
for me the love should start with attraction.i should feel that i need her every time around me.she should be the first thing which comes in my thoughts.i would start the day and end it with her.she should be there every time i dream.love will be then when my every breath has her name.my life should happen around her.my life will be named to her.i would cry for her.will give all my happiness and take all her sorrows.i will be ready to fight with anyone for her.i will be in love when i will be doing the craziest things for her.love will be when i don't have to proove anyone that my girl is the most beautiful lady on the whole planet.i will always be singing praises for her.love will be when i start up making chicken curry and end up makiing sambar.life will be the most beautiful then.will get every morning and thank god for the day because she is with me.i would like to say a lot..will tell later..
say thanks2.
hi elaine, is today's meeting confirmed?
today is accept day..u accept me as? brother sister lover dear1 best1 clos1 lvblefrnd jstfrnd cutefrnd lifpartnr belovd swtheart bstfrnd no rply means enemy
havent planning to buy later. i check already lido only got 530 show in e afternoon. u finish work already?
i jus reached home. i go bathe first. but my sis using net tell u when she finishes k...
do u still have plumbers tape and a wrench we could borrow?
by the way, make sure u get train to worc foregate street not shrub hill. have fun night x
i've told you everything will stop. just dont let her get dehydrated.
i wasn't well babe, i have swollen glands at my throat ... what did you end up doing ?
what he said is not the matter. my mind saying some other matter is there.
he says he'll give me a call when his friend's got the money but that he's definitely buying before the end of the week
congratulations ur awarded either ??500 of cd gift vouchers & free entry 2 our ??100 weekly draw txt music to 87066 tncs www.ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
hi, the sexychat girls are waiting for you to text them. text now for a great night chatting. send stop to stop this service
yeah work is fine, started last week, all the same stuff as before, dull but easy and guys are fun!
claim a 200 shopping spree, just call 08717895698 now! have you won! mobstorequiz10ppm
thanx but my birthday is over already.
if you hear a loud scream in about &lt;#&gt; minutes its cause my gyno will be shoving things up me that don't belong :/
get a free mobile video player free movie. to collect text go to 89105. its free! extra films can be ordered t's and c's apply. 18 yrs only
i wnt to buy a bmw car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  &lt;#&gt; lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. &lt;#&gt; lacs..thats my prob
dont talk to him ever ok its my word.
ceri u rebel! sweet dreamz me little buddy!! c ya 2moro! who needs blokes
don know..he is watching film in computer..
and stop wondering \wow is she ever going to stop tm'ing me ?!\" because i will tm you whenever i want because you are mine ... *laughs*"
mum, i've sent you many many messages since i got here. i just want to know that you are actually getting them. do enjoy the rest of your day.
me too. mark is taking forever to pick up my prescription and the pain is coming back.
your account has been credited with 500 free text messages. to activate, just txt the word: credit to no: 80488 t&cs www.80488.biz
she told to hr that he want posting in chennai:)because i'm working here:)
hi happy birthday. hi hi hi hi hi hi hi
you should change your fb to jaykwon thuglyfe falconerf
hey are you angry with me. reply me dr.
they just talking thats it de. they wont any other.
what your plan for pongal?
if you were/are free i can give. otherwise nalla adi entey nattil kittum
watching tv now. i got new job :)
eastenders tv quiz. what flower does dot compare herself to? d= violet e= tulip f= lily txt d e or f to 84025 now 4 chance 2 win ??100 cash wkent/150p16+
shopping lor. them raining mah hard 2 leave orchard.
hanging out with my brother and his family
thts god's gift for birds as humans hav some natural gift frm god..
loan for any purpose ??500 - ??75,000. homeowners + tenants welcome. have you been previously refused? we can still help. call free 0800 1956669 or text back 'help'
what i mean was i left too early to check, cos i'm working a 9-6.
god picked up a flower and dippeditinadew, lovingly touched itwhichturnedinto u, and the he gifted tomeandsaid,this friend is 4u
am okay. will soon be over. all the best
boo what time u get out? u were supposed to take me shopping today. :(
baaaaabe! i misss youuuuu ! where are you ? i have to go and teach my class at 5 ...
arun can u transfr me d amt
i've reached home n i bathe liao... u can call me now...
no da. . vijay going to talk in jaya tv
i had it already..sabarish asked me to go..
hurt me... tease me... make me cry... but in the end of my life when i die plz keep one rose on my grave and say stupid i miss u.. have a nice day bslvyl
lol i would but despite these cramps i like being a girl.
great. have a safe trip. dont panic surrender all.
noooooooo please. last thing i need is stress. for once in your life be fair.
how are you? i miss you!
free entry in 2 a wkly comp to win fa cup final tkts 21st may 2005. text fa to 87121 to receive entry question(std txt rate)t&c's apply 08452810075over18's
then why no one talking to me
bored of speed dating? try speedchat, txt speedchat to 80155, if you don't like em txt swap and get a new chatter! chat80155 pobox36504w45wq 150p/msg rcd 16
?? give me some time to walk there.
that depends. how would you like to be treated? :)
hope ur head doesn't hurt 2 much ! am ploughing my way through a pile of ironing ! staying in with a chinky tonight come round if you like.
how much is torch in 9ja.
a famous quote : when you develop the ability to listen to 'anything' unconditionally without losing your temper or self confidence, it means you are ......... 'married'
i got another job! the one at the hospital doing data analysis or something, starts on monday! not sure when my thesis will got finished
jay is snickering and tells me that x is totally fucking up the chords as we speak
sir, i am waiting for your call, once free please call me.
no need for the drug anymore.
i'm taking derek &amp; taylor to walmart, if i'm not back by the time you're done just leave the mouse on my desk and i'll text you when priscilla's ready
s but mostly not like that.
dear we are going to our rubber place
see, i knew giving you a break a few times woul lead to you always wanting to miss curfew. i was gonna gibe you 'til one, but a midnight movie is not gonna get out til after 2. you need to come home. you need to getsleep and, if anything, you need to b studdying ear training.
funny fact nobody teaches volcanoes 2 erupt, tsunamis 2 arise, hurricanes 2 sway aroundn no 1 teaches hw 2 choose a wife natural disasters just happens
\its ur luck to love someone. its ur fortune to love the one who loves u. but
my sister going to earn more than me da.
time n smile r the two crucial things in our life. sometimes time makes us to forget smile, and sometimes someone's smile makes us to forget time gud noon
purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..its about smiling just by seeing the name. gud evng musthu
are you going to write ccna exam this week??
it's ok lar. u sleep early too... nite...
yeh. indians was nice. tho it did kane me off a bit he he. we shud go out 4 a drink sometime soon. mite hav 2 go 2 da works 4 a laugh soon. love pete x x
smile in pleasure smile in pain smile when trouble pours like rain smile when sum1 hurts u smile becoz someone still loves to see u smiling!!
its just the effect of irritation. just ignore it
oh... okie lor...we go on sat...
dude just saw a parked car with its sunroof popped up. sux
i meant middle left or right?
email alertfrom: jeri stewartsize: 2kbsubject: low-cost prescripiton drvgsto listen to email call 123
i dled 3d its very imp
are u awake? is there snow there?
i think u have the wrong number.
somebody set up a website where you can play hold em using eve online spacebucks
u buy newspapers already?
urgent! your mobile number has been awarded a <ukp>2000 prize guaranteed. call 09061790125 from landline. claim 3030. valid 12hrs only 150ppm
oh fine, i'll be by tonight
thanks  and ! or bomb and date as my phone wanted to say!
the basket's gettin full so i might be by tonight
i know that my friend already told that.
just dropped em off, omw back now
hi babe its chloe, how r u? i was smashed on saturday night, it was great! how was your weekend? u been missing me? sp visionsms.com text stop to stop 150p/text
k i'm ready,  &lt;#&gt; ?
make that 3! 4 fucks sake?! x
can u look 4 me in da lib i got stuff havent finish yet.
just now saw your message.it k da:)
speaking of does he have any cash yet?
does uncle timi help in clearing cars
thanx 4 the time we??ve spent 2geva, its bin mint! ur my baby and all i want is u!xxxx
ha ha nan yalrigu heltini..iyo kothi chikku, u shared many things wit me..so far i didn't told any body and even uttered a word abt u.. if ur trusting me so much how can i tell these to others.. plz nxt time dont use those words to me..ok, chikku:-);-)b-)
hai ana tomarrow am coming on morning.  &lt;decimal&gt;  ill be there in sathy then we ll go to rto office. reply me after came to home.
cool breeze... bright sun... fresh flower... twittering birds... all these waiting to wish u: \goodmorning &amp; have a nice day\" :)"
i am sorry it hurt you.
yay! finally lol. i missed our cinema trip last week :-(
gettin rdy to ship comp
2 celebrate my b??day, y else?
that's good. lets thank god. please complete the drug. have lots of water. and have a beautiful day.
finished class where are you.
sorry, i'll call later
it should take about  &lt;#&gt;  min
as usual..iam fine, happy &amp; doing well..:)
then what about further plan?
no dude, its not fake..my frnds got money, thts y i'm reffering u..if u member wit my mail link, u vl be credited  &lt;#&gt; rs and il be getiing  &lt;#&gt; rs..i can draw my acc wen it is  &lt;#&gt; rs..
got it..mail panren paru..
i told that am coming on wednesday.
meet after lunch la...
dunno lei shd b driving lor cos i go sch 1 hr oni.
its hard to believe things like this. all can say lie but think twice before saying anything to me.
ok then no need to tell me anything i am going to sleep good night
i'm ok. will do my part tomorrow
hey. you got any mail?
nvm... i'm going to wear my sport shoes anyway... i'm going to be late leh.
i don wake since. i checked that stuff and saw that its true no available spaces. pls call the embassy or send a mail to them.
how are u? i have missed u! i havent been up 2 much a bit bored with the holiday want 2 go bak 2 college! sad isnt it?xx
ok then i will come to ur home after half an hour
beautiful truth against gravity.. read carefully: \our heart feels light when someone is in it.. but it feels very heavy when someone leaves it..\" goodmorning"
what time. i???m out until prob 3 or so
solve d case : a man was found murdered on  &lt;decimal&gt; . &lt;#&gt;  afternoon. 1,his wife called police. 2,police questioned everyone. 3,wife: sir,i was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.cook: i was cooking. 5.gardener: i was picking vegetables. 6.house-maid: i went 2 d post office. 7.children: we went 2 play. 8.neighbour: we went 2 a marriage. police arrested d murderer immediately. who's it? reply with reason, if u r brilliant.
had your mobile 11 months or more? u r entitled to update to the latest colour mobiles with camera for free! call the mobile update co free on 08002986030
urgent! last weekend's draw shows that you have won ??1000 cash or a spanish holiday! call now 09050000332 to claim. t&c: rstm, sw7 3ss. 150ppm
nt joking seriously i told
doc prescribed me morphine cause the other pain meds aren't enough. waiting for my mom to bring it. that med should kick in fast so i'm gonna try to be on later
same, i'm at my great aunts anniversary party in tarpon springs
sorry battery died, yeah i'm here
as i entered my cabin my pa said, '' happy b'day boss !!''. i felt special. she askd me 4 lunch. after lunch she invited me to her apartment. we went there.
wot u up 2 u weirdo?
jus telling u dat i'll b leaving 4 shanghai on 21st instead so we'll haf more time 2 meet up cya...
did i forget to tell you ? i want you , i need you, i crave you ... but most of all ... i love you my sweet arabian steed ... mmmmmm ... yummy
ok chinese food on its way. when i get fat you're paying for my lipo.
you at mu? you should try to figure out how much money everyone has for gas and alcohol, jay and i are trying to figure out our weed budget
i'm going 2 orchard now laready me reaching soon. u reaching?
have you got xmas radio times. if not i will get it now
at 4. let's go to bill millers
wanna get laid 2nite? want real dogging locations sent direct to ur mobile? join the uk's largest dogging network. txt park to 69696 now! nyt. ec2a. 3lp ??1.50/msg
actually fuck that, just do whatever, do find an excuse to be in tampa at some point before january though
ok lor. i'm in town now lei.
free for 1st week! no1 nokia tone 4 ur mob every week just txt nokia to 8007 get txting and tell ur mates www.getzed.co.uk pobox 36504 w45wq norm150p/tone 16+
yes princess! i want to catch you with my big strong hands...
hard live 121 chat just 60p/min. choose your girl and connect live. call 09094646899 now! cheap chat uk's biggest live service. vu bcm1896wc1n3xx
back in brum! thanks for putting us up and keeping us all and happy. see you soon
greetings me, ! consider yourself excused.
btw regarding that we should really try to see if anyone else can be our 4th guy before we commit to a random dude
if u laugh really loud.. if u talk spontaneously.. if u dont care what others feel.. u are probably with your dear &amp; best friends.. goodevening dear..:)
ok omw now, you at castor?
love it! i want to flood that pretty pussy with cum...
jokin only lar... :-) depends on which phone my father can get lor...
we will meet soon princess! ttyl!
k, jason says he's gonna be around so i'll be up there around  &lt;#&gt;
nokia phone is lovly..
do you know why god created gap between your fingers..? so that, one who is made for you comes &amp; fills those gaps by holding your hand with love..!
\response\" is one of d powerful weapon 2 occupy a place in others 'heart'... so
dude u knw also telugu..thts gud..k, gud nyt..
congratulations you've won. you're a winner in our august ??1000 prize draw. call 09066660100 now. prize code 2309.
for you information, ikea is spelled with all caps. that is not yelling. when you thought i had left you, you were sitting on the bed among the mess when i came in. i said we were going after you got home from class. please don't try and bullshit me. it makes me want to listen to you less.
orh i tot u say she now still dun believe.
todays vodafone numbers ending with 0089(my last four digits) are selected to received a ??350 award. if your number matches please call 09063442151 to claim your ??350 award
nite...
wishing you and your family merry \x\" mas and happy new year in advance.."
4mths half price orange line rental & latest camera phones 4 free. had your phone 11mths ? call mobilesdirect free on 08000938767 to update now! or2stoptxt
thats cool. how was your day?
congrats 2 mobile 3g videophones r yours. call 09063458130 now! videochat wid ur mates, play java games, dload polyph music, noline rentl. bx420. ip4. 5we. 150p
erm ??_ ill pick you up at about 6.45pm. that'll give enough time to get there, park and that.
no message..no responce..what happend?
i doubt you could handle 5 times per night in any case...
you have won! as a valued vodafone customer our computer has picked you to win a ??150 prize. to collect is easy. just call 09061743386
\boo babe! u enjoyin yourjob? u seemed 2 b gettin on well hunny!hope ure ok?take care & i??llspeak 2u soonlots of loveme xxxx.\""
hmv bonus special 500 pounds of genuine hmv vouchers to be won. just answer 4 easy questions. play now! send hmv to 86688 more info:www.100percent-real.com
you do got a shitload of diamonds though
going on nothing great.bye
what do you do, my dog ? must i always wait till the end of your day to have word from you ? did you run out of time on your cell already?
k and you're sure i don't have to have consent forms to do it :v
u've been selected to stay in 1 of 250 top british hotels - for nothing! holiday valued at ??350! dial 08712300220 to claim - national rate call. bx526, sw73ss
babe ? i lost you ... will you try rebooting ?
yes. it's all innocent fun. o:-)
your next amazing xxx picsfree1 video will be sent to you enjoy! if one vid is not enough for 2day text back the keyword picsfree1 to get the next video.
no dear i do have free messages without any recharge. hi hi hi
come aftr  &lt;decimal&gt; ..now i m cleaning the house
evening * v good if somewhat event laden. will fill you in, don't you worry ??_ head * ok but throat * wrecked. see you at six then!
why you keeping me away like this
a cute thought for friendship: \its not necessary to share every secret with ur close frnd
hello, my boytoy! i made it home and my constant thought is of you, my love. i hope your having a nice visit but i can't wait till you come home to me ...*kiss*
goodmorning today i am late for  &lt;decimal&gt; min.
the world is running and i am still.maybe all are feeling the same,so be it.or i have to admit,i am mad.then where is the correction?or let me call this is life.and keep running with the world,may be u r also running.lets run.
i can make it up there, squeezed  &lt;#&gt;  bucks out of my dad
as a valued customer, i am pleased to advise you that following recent review of your mob no. you are awarded with a ??1500 bonus prize, call 09066364589
oh mr sheffield! you wanna play that game, okay. you're the boss and i'm the nanny. you give me a raise and i'll give you one!!
lol i have to take it. member how i said my aunt flow didn't visit for 6 months? it's cause i developed ovarian cysts. bc is the only way to shrink them.
alex says he's not ok with you not being ok with it
say this slowly.? god,i love you &amp; i need you,clean my heart with your blood.send this to ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it...
hey you told your name to gautham ah?
howz that persons story
well imma definitely need to restock before thanksgiving, i'll let you know when i'm out
cuz ibored. and don wanna study
idk. i'm sitting here in a stop and shop parking lot right now bawling my eyes out because i feel like i'm a failure in everything. nobody wants me and now i feel like i'm failing you.
there is no sense in my foot and penis.
u too...
water logging in desert. geoenvironmental implications.
shop till u drop, is it you, either 10k, 5k, ??500 cash or ??100 travel voucher, call now, 09064011000. ntt po box cr01327bt fixedline cost 150ppm mobile vary
i come n pick ?_ up... come out immediately aft ur lesson...
the beauty of life is in next second.. which hides thousands of secrets. i wish every second will be wonderful in ur life...!! gud n8
many times we lose our best ones bcoz we are
okie... thanx...
and that's fine, i got enough bud to last most of the night at least
ok
no:-)i got rumour that you going to buy apartment in chennai:-)
i am not sure about night menu. . . i know only about noon menu
?? v ma fan...
u free on sat rite? u wan 2 watch infernal affairs wif me n darren n mayb xy?
hey ! don't forget ... you are mine ... for me ... my possession ... my property ... mmm ... *childish smile* ...
honestly i've just made a lovely cup of tea and promptly dropped my keys in it and then burnt my fingers getting them out!
what's up my own oga. left my phone at home and just saw ur messages. hope you are good. have a great weekend.
hi my darlin im on my way to london and we have just been smashed into by another driver! and have a big dent! im really missing u what have u been up to? xxx
going to take your babe out ?
beauty sleep can help ur pimples too.
ugh. gotta drive back to sd from la. my butt is sore.
but i have to. i like to have love and arrange.
yep, at derek's house now, see you sunday &lt;3
but i dint slept in afternoon.
\hi darlin did youphone me? im athome if youwanna chat.\""
happy new year to u too!
panasonic & bluetoothhdset free. nokia free. motorola free & doublemins & doubletxt on orange contract. call mobileupd8 on 08000839402 or call 2optout
usually the person is unconscious that's in children but in adults they may just behave abnormally. i.ll call you now
i'm in a meeting, call me later at
wat ?_ doing now?
congratulations ur awarded either a yrs supply of cds from virgin records or a mystery gift guaranteed call 09061104283 ts&cs www.smsco.net ??1.50pm approx 3mins
it's cool, let me know before it kicks off around  &lt;#&gt; , i'll be out and about all day
i have a rather prominent bite mark on my right cheek
happy birthday to you....dear.with lots of love.rakhesh nri
send a logo 2 ur lover - 2 names joined by a heart. txt love name1 name2 mobno eg love adam eve 07123456789 to 87077 yahoo! pobox36504w45wq txtno 4 no ads 150p
freemsg hi baby wow just got a new cam moby. wanna c a hot pic? or fancy a chat?im w8in 4utxt / rply chat to 82242 hlp 08712317606 msg150p 2rcv
hi this is yijue, can i meet u at 11 tmr?
i like to talk pa but am not able to. i dont know y.
when i was born, god said, \oh no! another idiot\". when you were born  \"oh no! competition\". who knew  one day these two will become freinds forever!"
ok then i'll let him noe later n ask him call u tmr...
otherwise had part time job na-tuition..
hi. wk been ok - on hols now! yes on for a bit of a run. forgot that i have hairdressers appointment at four so need to get home n shower beforehand. does that cause prob for u?\"ham"
urgent ur awarded a complimentary trip to eurodisinc trav, aco&entry41 or ??1000. to claim txt dis to 87121 18+6*??1.50(morefrmmob. shracomorsglsuplt)10, ls1 3aj
i'll pick you up at about 5.15pm to go to taunton if you still want to come.
\hello u.call wen u finish wrk.i fancy meetin up wiv u all tonite as i need a break from dabooks. did 4 hrs last nite+2 today of wrk!\""
i surely dont forgot to come:)i will always be in touch in with you:-)
just sleeping..and surfing
dont kick coco when he's down
yes:)here tv is always available in work place..
it certainly puts things into perspective when something like this happens
as a registered subscriber yr draw 4 a ??100 gift voucher will b entered on receipt of a correct ans. when are the next olympics. txt ans to 80062
shop till u drop, is it you, either 10k, 5k, ??500 cash or ??100 travel voucher, call now, 09064011000. ntt po box cr01327bt fixedline cost 150ppm mobile vary
do you want 750 anytime any network mins 150 text and a new video phone for only five pounds per week call 08000776320 now or reply for delivery tomorrow
freemsg hey there darling it's been 3 week's now and no word back! i'd like some fun you up for it still? tb ok! xxx std chgs to send, ??1.50 to rcv
wat time r ?_ going to xin's hostel?
hiya, sorry didn't hav signal. i haven't seen or heard from and neither has, which is unusual in itself! i'll put on the case and get him to sort it out! hugs and snogs.
ok cool. see ya then.
is she replying. has boye changed his phone number
dear voucher holder, to claim this weeks offer, at you pc please go to http://www.e-tlp.co.uk/expressoffer ts&cs apply. to stop texts, txt stop to 80062
no. yes please. been swimming?
can not use foreign stamps in this country.
i'm always looking for an excuse to be in the city.
heart is empty without love.. mind is empty without wisdom.. eyes r empty without dreams &amp; life is empty without frnds.. so alwys be in touch. good night &amp; sweet dreams
really dun bluff me leh... u sleep early too. nite...
ok enjoy . r u there in home.
dear voucher holder 2 claim your 1st class airport lounge passes when using your holiday voucher call 08704439680. when booking quote 1st class x 2
dont pick up d call when something important is there to tell. hrishi
just arrived, see you in a couple days &lt;3
i sent them. do you like?
cause i'm not freaky lol
sorry chikku, my cell got some problem thts y i was nt able to reply u or msg u..
i cant pick the phone right now. pls send a message
that means from february to april i'll be getting a place to stay down there so i don't have to hustle back and forth during audition season as i have since my sister moved away from harlem.
okay name ur price as long as its legal! wen can i pick them up? y u ave x ams xx
urgent! call 09066350750 from your landline. your complimentary 4* ibiza holiday or 10,000 cash await collection sae t&cs po box 434 sk3 8wp 150 ppm 18+
the lay man! just to let you know you are missed and thought off. do have a great day. and if you can send me bimbo and ugo's numbers, ill appreciate. safe
u sure u can't take any sick time?
you're right i have now that i think about it
i dont knw pa, i just drink milk..
k.k.this month kotees birthday know?
god bless.get good sleep my dear...i will pray!
kothi print out marandratha.
knock knock txt whose there to 80082 to enter r weekly draw 4 a ??250 gift voucher 4 a store of yr choice. t&cs www.tkls.com age16 to stoptxtstop??1.50/week
okay. no no, just shining on. that was meant to be signing, but that sounds better.
i'm very happy for you babe ! woo hoo party on dude!
just so that you know,yetunde hasn't sent money yet. i just sent her a text not to bother sending. so its over, you dont have to involve yourself in anything. i shouldn't have imposed anything on you in the first place so for that, i apologise.
ya:)going for restaurant..
i have to take exam with march 3
rct' thnq adrian for u text. rgds vatian
you'll not rcv any more msgs from the chat svc. for free hardcore services text go to: 69988 if u get nothing u must age verify with yr network & try again
great! so what attracts you to the brothas?
did you say bold, then torch later. or one torch and 2bold?
i am in hospital da. . i will return home in evening
i attended but nothing is there.
congratulations - thanks to a good friend u have won the ??2,000 xmas prize. 2 claim is easy, just call 08712103738 now! only 10p per minute. bt-national-rate
armand says get your ass over to epsilon
here got ur favorite oyster... n got my favorite sashimi... ok lar i dun say already... wait ur stomach start rumbling...
aight, i should be there by 8 at the latest, probably closer to 7. are jay and tyler down or should we just do two trips?
package all your programs well
no 1 polyphonic tone 4 ur mob every week! just txt pt2 to 87575. 1st tone free ! so get txtin now and tell ur friends. 150p/tone. 16 reply hl 4info
am on a train back from northampton so i'm afraid not! i'm staying skyving off today ho ho! will be around wednesday though. do you fancy the comedy club this week by the way?
yes, princess. toledo.
total video converter free download type this in google search:)
hmmm:)how many players selected?
dear matthew please call 09063440451 from a landline, your complimentary 4*lux tenerife holiday or ??1000 cash await collection. ppm150 sae t&cs box334 sk38xh.
remember all those whom i hurt during days of satanic imposter in me.need to pay a price,so be it.may destiny keep me going and as u said pray that i get the mind to get over the same.
it doesnt make sense to take it there unless its free. if you need to know more, wikipedia.com
how much i gave to you. morning.
can you plz tell me the ans. bslvyl sent via fullonsms.com
our dating service has been asked 2 contact u by someone shy! call 09058091870 now all will be revealed. pobox84, m26 3uz 150p
ah, well that confuses things, doesn???t it?
[??_] anyway, many good evenings to u! s
lol u still feeling sick?
hey whats up? u sleeping all morning?
neshanth..tel me who r u?
yeah that'd pretty much be the best case scenario
its ok., i just askd did u knw tht no?
super msg da:)nalla timing.
i only work from mon to thurs but sat i cant leh... booked liao... which other day u free?
yes see ya not on the dot
u r subscribed 2 textcomp 250 wkly comp. 1st wk?s free question follows, subsequent wks charged@150p/msg.2 unsubscribe txt stop 2 84128,custcare 08712405020
not yet chikku..going to room nw, i'm in bus..
don't think about \what u have got\" think about \"how to use it that you have got\" good ni8"
yeah imma come over cause jay wants to do some drugs
i'm at bruce &amp; fowler now but i'm in my mom's car so i can't park (long story)
there is a first time for everything :)
dating:i have had two of these. only started after i sent a text to talk sport radio last week. any connection do you think or coincidence?
do you always celebrate ny's with your family ?
wat time u finish ur lect today?
yo, the game almost over? want to go to walmart soon
hiya stu wot u up 2.im in so much truble at home at moment evone hates me even u! wot the hell av i done now? y wont u just tell me text bck please luv dan
ok. not much to do here though. h&m friday, cant wait. dunno wot the hell im gonna do for another 3 weeks! become a slob- oh wait, already done that!
i am back. good journey! let me know if you need any of the receipts. shall i tell you like the pendent?
so now my dad is gonna call after he gets out of work and ask all these crazy questions.
well its not like you actually called someone a punto. that woulda been worse.
and  picking them up from various points
webpage s not available!
&lt;#&gt;  w jetton ave if you forgot
easy ah?sen got selected means its good..
yar lor... how u noe? u used dat route too?
ps u no ur a grown up now right?
camera - you are awarded a sipix digital camera! call 09061221066 fromm landline. delivery within 28 days.
pandy joined 4w technologies today.he got job..
not tonight mate. catching up on some sleep. this is my new number by the way.
six chances to win cash! from 100 to 20,000 pounds txt> csh11 and send to 87575. cost 150p/day, 6days, 16+ tsandcs apply reply hl 4 info
even u dont get in trouble while convincing..just tel him once or twice and just tel neglect his msgs dont c and read it..just dont reply
for the first time in the history 'need' 'comfort' and 'luxury' are sold at same price in india..!! onion-rs. &lt;#&gt;  petrol-rs. &lt;#&gt;  beer-rs. &lt;#&gt;  shesil  &lt;#&gt;
lol i know! they're so dramatic. schools already closed for tomorrow. apparently we can't drive in the inch of snow were supposed to get.
how have your little darlings been so far this week? need a coffee run tomo?can't believe it's that time of week already ??_
you have 1 new message. please call 08712400200.
someone has contacted our dating service and entered your phone becausethey fancy you! to find out who it is call from a landline 09058098002. pobox1, w14rg 150p
i got a call from a landline number. . . i am asked to come to anna nagar . . . i will go in the afternoon
\symptoms\" when u are in love: \"1.u like listening songs 2.u get stopped where u see the name of your beloved 3.u won't get angry when your"
so u workin overtime nigpun?
we still on for tonight?
lol ... oh no babe, i wont be sliding into your place after midnight, but thanks for the invite
k go and sleep well. take rest:-).
congratulations ur awarded 500 of cd vouchers or 125gift guaranteed & free entry 2 100 wkly draw txt music to 87066 tncs www.ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
yes.. now only saw your message..
she just broke down a list of reasons why nobody's in town and i can't tell if she's being sarcastic or just faggy
hey gals.. anyone of u going down to e driving centre tmr?
sorry, got a late start, we're on the way
they did't play one day last year know even though they have very good team.. like india.
doing nothing, then u not having dinner w us?
and miss vday the parachute and double coins??? u must not know me very well...
can i get your opinion on something first?
now project pa. after that only i can come.
hows the champ just leaving glasgow!
and is there a way you can send shade's stuff to her. and she has been wonderful too.
sorry, i'll call later
well i'm going to be an aunty!
ill b down soon
i am 6 ft. we will be a good combination!
did you see that film:)
which channel:-):-):):-).
lord of the rings:return of the king in store now!reply lotr by 2 june 4 chance 2 win lotr soundtrack cds stdtxtrate. reply stop to end txts
no no. i will check all rooms befor activities
this msg is for your mobile content order it has been resent as previous attempt failed due to network error queries to customersqueries@netvision.uk.com
1 in cbe. 2 in chennai.
what time should i tell my friend to be around?
yeah i imagine he would be really gentle. unlike the other docs who treat their patients like turkeys.
evry emotion dsn't hav words.evry wish dsn't hav prayrs.. if u smile,d world is wit u.othrwise even d drop of tear dsn't lik 2 stay wit u.so b happy.. good morning, keep smiling:-)
not from this campus. are you in the library?
it to 80488. your 500 free text messages are valid until 31 december 2005.
we regret to inform u that the nhs has made a mistake.u were never actually born.please report 2 yor local hospital 2b terminated.we r sorry 4 the inconvenience
mm i had my food da from out
i cant pick the phone right now. pls send a message
ok...
okie but i scared u say i fat... then u dun wan me already...
i met you as a stranger and choose you as my friend. as long as the world stands, our friendship never ends. lets be friends forever!!! gud nitz...
it took mr owl 3 licks
unless it's a situation where you go gurl would be more appropriate
yup i'm still having coffee wif my frens... my fren drove she'll give me a lift...
ummma.will call after check in.our life will begin from qatar so pls pray very hard.
urgent! your mobile number has been awarded with a ??2000 prize guaranteed. call 09061790121 from land line. claim 3030. valid 12hrs only 150ppm
freemsg: our records indicate you may be entitled to 3750 pounds for the accident you had. to claim for free reply with yes to this msg. to opt out text stop
whos this am in class:-)
bring it if you got it
so check your errors and if you had difficulties, do correction.
sry da..jst nw only i came to home..
i luv u soo much u don??t understand how special u r 2 me ring u 2morrow luv u xxx
hey you can pay. with salary de. only  &lt;#&gt; .
so wats ur opinion abt him and how abt is character?
she was supposed to be but couldn't make it, she's still in town though
dear 0776xxxxxxx u've been invited to xchat. this is our final attempt to contact u! txt chat to 86688 150p/msgrcvdhg/suite342/2lands/row/w1j6hl ldn 18yrs
multiply the numbers independently and count decimal points then, for the division, push the decimal places like i showed you.
short but cute : \ be a good person
huh i cant thk of more oredi how many pages do we have?
yupz... i've oredi booked slots 4 my weekends liao...
free tones hope you enjoyed your new content. text stop to 61610 to unsubscribe. help:08712400602450p provided by tones2you.co.uk
stop knowing me so well!
well done england! get the official poly ringtone or colour flag on yer mobile! text tone or flag to 84199 now! opt-out txt eng stop. box39822 w111wx ??1.50
okay lor... will they still let us go a not ah? coz they will not know until later. we drop our cards into the box right?
all e best 4 ur driving tmr :-)
oh for fuck's sake she's in like tallahassee
i.ll get there tomorrow and send it to you
k sure am in my relatives home. sms me de. pls:-)
k...k...yesterday i was in cbe .
well, i'm glad you didn't find it totally disagreeable ... lol
mm feeling sleepy. today itself i shall get that dear
this message is free. welcome to the new & improved sex & dogging club! to unsubscribe from this service reply stop. msgs@150p 18+only
how come i din c ?_... yup i cut my hair...
hi shanil,rakhesh here.thanks,i have exchanged the uncut diamond stuff.leaving back. excellent service by dino and prem.
urgent! call 09066612661 from landline. your complementary 4* tenerife holiday or ??10,000 cash await collection sae t&cs po box 3 wa14 2px 150ppm 18+ sender: hol offer
great. hope you are using your connections from mode men also cos you can never know why old friends can lead you to today
thought praps you meant another one. goodo! i'll look tomorrow
want a new video phone? 750 anytime any network mins? half price line rental free text for 3 months? reply or call 08000930705 for free delivery
as usual..iam fine, happy &amp; doing well..:)
my life means a lot to me, not because i love my life, but because i love the people in my life, the world calls them friends, i call them my world:-).. ge:-)..
i love you both too :-)
ron say fri leh. n he said ding tai feng cant make reservations. but he said wait lor.
g says you never answer your texts, confirm/deny
only if you promise your getting out as soon as you can. and you'll text me in the morning to let me know you made it in ok.
how did you find out in a way that didn't include all of these details
my trip was ok but quite tiring lor. uni starts today but it's ok 4 me cos i'm not taking any modules but jus concentrating on my final yr project.
damn, poor zac doesn't stand a chance
india have to take lead:)
k. did you call me just now ah?
meeting u is my work. . . tel me when shall i do my work tomorrow
i'd say that's a good sign but, well, you know my track record at reading women
we tried to contact you re your reply to our offer of 750 mins 150 textand a new video phone call 08002988890 now or reply for free delivery tomorrow
7 wonders in my world 7th you 6th ur style 5th ur smile 4th ur personality 3rd ur nature 2nd ur sms and 1st \ur lovely friendship\"... good morning dear"
sorry, i'll call later
eh den sat u book e kb liao huh...
aight, lemme know what's up
this is a long fuckin showr
i'm going for bath will msg you next  &lt;#&gt;  min..
i not busy juz dun wan 2 go so early.. hee..
i have printed it oh. so  &lt;#&gt;  come upstairs
hurry home u big butt. hang up on your last caller if u have to. food is done and i'm starving. don't ask what i cooked.
machan you go to gym tomorrow,  i wil come late goodnight.
for real when u getting on yo? i only need 2 more tickets and one more jacket and i'm done. i already used all my multis.
i thk 50 shd be ok he said plus minus 10.. did ?_ leave a line in between paragraphs?
yoyyooo u know how to change permissions for a drive in mac. my usb flash drive
oh k k:)but he is not a big hitter.anyway good
babe, i'm back ... come back to me ...
yeah right! i'll bring my tape measure fri!
wife.how she knew the time of murder exactly
can you just come in for a sec? there's somebody here i want you to see
500 new mobiles from 2004, must go! txt: nokia to no: 89545 & collect yours today!from only ??1 www.4-tc.biz 2optout 087187262701.50gbp/mtmsg18 txtauction
i cant pick the phone right now. pls send a message
dnt worry...use ice pieces in a cloth pack.also take 2 tablets.
did u turn on the heater? the heater was on and set to &lt;#&gt; degrees.
u gd lor go shopping i got stuff to do. u wan 2 watch infernal affairs a not? come lar...
sure, but make sure he knows we ain't smokin yet
hurry up, i've been weed-deficient for like three days
oops. 4 got that bit.
just curious because my cuz asked what i was up to
ok i msg u b4 i leave my house.
i???m parked next to a mini!!!! when are you coming in today do you think?
of course ! don't tease me ... you know i simply must see ! *grins* ... do keep me posted my prey ... *loving smile* *devouring kiss*
goodmorning, today i am late for 2hrs. because of back pain.
great news! call freefone 08006344447 to claim your guaranteed ??1000 cash or ??2000 gift. speak to a live operator now!
i told her i had a dr appt next week. she thinks i'm gonna die. i told her its just a check. nothing to be worried about. but she didn't listen.
hey... very inconvenient for your sis a not huh?
yes:)here tv is always available in work place..
still at west coast... haiz... ??'ll take forever to come back...
dear u've been invited to xchat. this is our final attempt to contact u! txt chat to 86688 150p/msgrcvdhg/suite342/2lands/row/w1j6hl ldn 18 yrs
i love u 2 my little pocy bell i am sorry but i love u
u wake up already? thanx 4 e tau sar piah it's quite nice.
good. do you think you could send me some pix? i would love to see your top and bottom...
please call 08712402902 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you.
is there any training tomorrow?
wamma get laid?want real doggin locations sent direct to your mobile? join the uks largest dogging network. txt dogs to 69696 now!nyt. ec2a. 3lp ??1.50/msg.
what i mean is do they come chase you out when its over or is it stated you can watch as many movies as you want.
we'll join the  &lt;#&gt;  bus
no. i meant the calculation is the same. that  &lt;#&gt; units at  &lt;#&gt; . this school is really expensive. have you started practicing your accent. because its important. and have you decided if you are doing 4years of dental school or if you'll just do the nmde exam.
lol! nah wasn't too bad thanks. its good to b home but its been quite a reality check. hows ur day been? did u do anything with website?
sorry, i'll call later
yep, the great loxahatchee xmas tree burning of  &lt;#&gt;  starts in an hour
old orchard near univ. how about you?
oops i thk i dun haf enuff... i go check then tell ?_..
\life is nothing wen v get everything\". but \"life is everything wen v miss something \". real value of people wil be realized only in their absence.... gud mrng"
new car and house for my parents.:)i have only new job in hand:)
i see the letter b on my car
ok i thk i got it. then u wan me 2 come now or wat?
hi neva worry bout da truth coz the truth will lead me 2 ur heart. it??s the least a unique person like u deserve. sleep tight or morning
u r a winner u ave been specially selected 2 receive ??1000 cash or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810710p/min (18 )
yup next stop.
ya they are well and fine., bbd(pooja) full pimples..even she become quite black..and ur rite here its too cold, wearing sweatter..
call me da, i am waiting for your call.
are you available for soiree on june 3rd?
are you this much buzy
do u noe wat time e place dat sells 4d closes?
u 447801259231 have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with u-find out who they r*reveal who thinks ur so special-call on 09058094597
try to do something dear. you read something for exams
yeah i can still give you a ride
s...from the training manual it show there is no tech process:)its all about password reset and troubleshooting:)
from www.applausestore.com monthlysubscription@50p/msg max6/month t&csc web age16 2stop txt stop
well there's a pattern emerging of my friends telling me to drive up and come smoke with them and then telling me that i'm a weed fiend/make them smoke too much/impede their doing other things so you see how i'm hesitant
well then you have a great weekend!
see the forwarding message for proof
onum ela pa. normal than.
er, hello, things didn???t quite go to plan ??? is limping slowly home followed by aa and with exhaust hanging off
that seems unnecessarily hostile
hey what happen de. are you alright.
sorry de i went to shop.
then dun wear jeans lor...
free top ringtone -sub to weekly ringtone-get 1st week free-send subpoly to 81618-?3 per week-stop sms-08718727870
you are guaranteed the latest nokia phone, a 40gb ipod mp3 player or a ??500 prize! txt word: collect to no: 83355! ibhltd ldnw15h 150p/mtmsgrcvd18
thing r good thanx got exams in march ive done no revision? is fran still with boyf? ive gotta interviw 4 exeter bit worried!x
i do know what u mean,  is the king of not havin credit! i'm goin2bed now. night night sweet! only1more sleep!
-pls stop bootydelious (32/f) is inviting you to be her friend. reply yes-434 or no-434 see her: www.sms.ac/u/bootydelious stop? send stop frnd to 62468
4mths half price orange line rental & latest camera phones 4 free. had your phone 11mths+? call mobilesdirect free on 08000938767 to update now! or2stoptxt t&cs
thank you baby! i cant wait to taste the real thing...
i'm turning off my phone. my moms telling everyone i have cancer. and my sister won't stop calling. it hurts to talk. can't put up with it. see u when u get home. love u
free>ringtone! reply real or poly eg real1 1. pushbutton 2. dontcha 3. babygoodbye 4. golddigger 5. webeburnin 1st tone free and 6 more when u join for ??3/wk
still in the area of the restaurant. ill try to come back soon
\thinking of u ;) x\""
well there's not a lot of things happening in lindsay on new years *sighs* some bars in ptbo and the blue heron has something going
ok... then r we meeting later?
hello my little party animal! i just thought i'd buzz you as you were with your friends ...*grins*... reminding you were loved and send a naughty adoring kiss
gud mrng dear hav a nice day
k, my roommate also wants a dubsack and another friend may also want some so plan on bringing extra, i'll tell you when they know for sure
wow. i never realized that you were so embarassed by your accomodations. i thought you liked it, since i was doing the best i could and you always seemed so happy about \the cave\". i'm sorry i didn't and don't have more to give. i'm sorry i offered. i'm sorry your room was so embarassing."
get your garden ready for summer with a free selection of summer bulbs and seeds worth ??33:50 only with the scotsman this saturday. to stop go2 notxt.co.uk
went to ganesh dress shop
i'm in a movie. call me 4 wat?
aight what time you want me to come up?
tee hee. off to lecture, cheery bye bye.
\ey! calm downon theacusations.. itxt u cos iwana know wotu r doin at thew/end... haventcn u in ages..ring me if ur up4 nething sat.love j xxx.\""
good! no, don???t need any receipts???well done! (??_) yes, please tell . what???s her number, i could ring her
hey chief, can you give me a bell when you get this. need to talk to you about this royal visit on the 1st june.
ummmmmaah many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. happy birthday dear
hey there babe, how u doin? wot u up 2 2nite love annie x.
or just do that 6times
let ur heart be ur compass ur mind ur map ur soul ur guide and u will never loose in world....gnun - sent via way2sms.com
have you bookedthe hut? and also your time off? how are you by the way?
well that must be a pain to catch
rose needs water, season needs change, poet needs imagination..my phone needs ur sms and i need ur lovely frndship forever....
s'fine. anytime. all the best with it.
freemsg today's the day if you are ready! i'm horny & live in your town. i love sex fun & games! netcollex ltd 08700621170150p per msg reply stop to end
i though we shd go out n have some fun so bar in town or something ??? sound ok?
oh, then your phone phoned me but it disconnected
don no da:)whats you plan?
yes! the only place in town to meet exciting adult singles is now in the uk. txt chat to 86688 now! 150p/msg.
up to ?_... ?? wan come then come lor... but i din c any stripes skirt...
hello my boytoy ... geeee i miss you already and i just woke up. i wish you were here in bed with me, cuddling me. i love you ...
no one interested. may be some business plan.
1000's flirting now! txt girl or bloke & ur name & age, eg girl zoe 18 to 8007 to join and get chatting!
fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose.
university of southern california.
have you ever had one foot before?
oh:)as usual vijay film or its different?
me n him so funny...
can you plz tell me the ans. bslvyl sent via fullonsms.com
\hi babe uawake?feellikw shit.justfound out via aletter thatmum gotmarried 4thnov.behind ourbacks ?? fuckinnice!selfish i??l call u\""
just checked out, heading out to drop off my stuff now
maybe you should find something else to do instead???
sorry, i'll call later ok bye
ok... sweet dreams...
are we doing the norm tomorrow? i finish just a 4.15 cos of st tests. need to sort library stuff out at some point tomo - got letter from today - access til end march so i better get move on!
que pases un buen tiempo or something like that
want to send me a virtual hug?... i need one
sms. ac sun0819 posts hello:\you seem cool
ok lor wat time ?_ finish?
i am late. i will be there at
hi i'm sue. i am 20 years old and work as a lapdancer. i love sex. text me live - i'm i my bedroom now. text sue to 89555. by textoperator g2 1da 150ppmsg 18+
no it's waiting in e car dat's bored wat. cos wait outside got nothing 2 do. at home can do my stuff or watch tv wat.
discussed with your mother ah?
very strange.  and  are watching the 2nd one now but i'm in bed. sweet dreams, miss u
want to funk up ur fone with a weekly new tone reply tones2u 2 this text. www.ringtones.co.uk, the original n best. tones 3gbp network operator rates apply
money i have won wining number 946 wot do i do next
yup no more already... thanx 4 printing n handing it up.
lol your always so convincing.
yes.i'm in office da:)
customer place i will call you
what will we do in the shower, baby?
gud ni8 dear..slp well..take care..swt dreams..muah..
private! your 2003 account statement for <fone no> shows 800 un-redeemed s. i. m. points. call 08715203656 identifier code: 42049 expires 26/10/04
dude how do you like the buff wind.
yar i wanted 2 scold u yest but late already... i where got zhong se qing you? if u ask me b4 he ask me then i'll go out w u all lor. n u still can act so real.
about  &lt;#&gt; bucks. the banks fees are fixed. better to call the bank and find out.
you are a winner u have been specially selected 2 receive ??1000 cash or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810810
?? still got lessons?  ?? in sch?
not heard from u4 a while. call 4 rude chat private line 01223585334 to cum. wan 2c pics of me gettin shagged then text pix to 8552. 2end send stop 8552 sam xxx
yes, i'm small kid.. and boost is the secret of my energy..
reminder: you have not downloaded the content you have already paid for. goto http://doit. mymoby. tv/ to collect your content.
haven't left yet so probably gonna be here til dinner
dear subscriber ur draw 4 ??100 gift voucher will b entered on receipt of a correct ans. when was elvis presleys birthday? txt answer to 80062
i get out of class in bsn in like  &lt;#&gt;  minutes, you know where advising is?
you will be receiving this week's triple echo ringtone shortly. enjoy it!
tddnewsletter@emc1.co.uk (more games from thedailydraw) dear helen, dozens of free games - with great prizeswith..
new textbuddy chat 2 horny guys in ur area 4 just 25p free 2 receive search postcode or at gaytextbuddy.com. txt one name to 89693
just wondering, the others just took off
?? say until like dat i dun buy ericsson oso cannot oredi lar...
sorry, i'll call you  later. i am in meeting sir.
this pay is  &lt;decimal&gt;  lakhs:)
hi its me you are probably having too much fun to get this message but i thought id txt u cos im bored! and james has been farting at me all night
i calls you later. afternoon onwords mtnl service get problem in south mumbai. i can hear you but you cann't listen me.
k, can that happen tonight?
just sleeping..and surfing
ok set let u noe e details later...
we have new local dates in your area - lots of new people registered in your area. reply date to start now! 18 only www.flirtparty.us replys150
shuhui say change 2 suntec steamboat? u noe where? where r u now?
ryder unsold.now gibbs.
by monday next week. give me the full gist
?? thk of wat to eat tonight.
i can make lasagna for you... vodka...
you aren't coming home between class, right? i need to work out and shower!
good morning plz call me sir
good. good job. i like entrepreneurs
\urgent! this is the 2nd attempt to contact u!u have won ??1000call 09071512432 b4 300603t&csbcm4235wc1n3xx.callcost150ppmmobilesvary. max??7. 50\""
are there ta jobs available? let me know please cos i really need to start working
go where n buy? juz buy when we get there lar.
how come u got nothing to do?
cheers lou! yeah was a goodnite shame u neva came! c ya gailxx
ugh its been a long day. i'm exhausted. just want to cuddle up and take a nap
hi here. have birth at on the  to  at 8lb 7oz. mother and baby doing brilliantly.
good afternoon sunshine! how dawns that day ? are we refreshed and happy to be alive? do we breathe in the air and smile ? i think of you, my love ... as always
there r many model..sony ericson also der.. &lt;#&gt; ..it luks good bt i forgot modl no
free for 1st week! no1 nokia tone 4 ur mob every week just txt nokia to 8007 get txting and tell ur mates www.getzed.co.uk pobox 36504 w45wq norm150p/tone 16+
whenevr ur sad, whenevr ur gray, remembr im here 2 listn 2 watevr u wanna say, jus walk wid me a little while,&amp; i promise i'll bring back ur smile.:-)
(and my man carlos is definitely coming by mu tonight, no excuses)
hey sexy buns! what of that day? no word from you this morning on ym ... :-( ... i think of you
in sch but neva mind u eat 1st lor..
thanks da thangam, i feel very very happy dear. i also miss you da.
prabha..i'm soryda..realy..frm heart i'm sory
dont know you bring some food
s.i'm watching it in live..
i am in escape theatre now. . going to watch kavalan in a few minutes
no way i'm going back there!
probably, want to pick up more?
genius what's up. how your brother. pls send his number to my skype.
\im on gloucesterroad what are uup to later?\""
aiyar sorry lor forgot 2 tell u...
night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. may you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. gud mrng
:( but your not here....
its a part of checking iq
double your mins & txts on orange or 1/2 price linerental - motorola and sonyericsson with b/tooth free-nokia free call mobileupd8 on 08000839402 or2optout/hv9d
hmm, too many of them unfortunately... pics obviously arent hot cakes. its kinda fun tho
am in film ill call you later.
haven't seen my facebook, huh? lol!
sorry, i'll call later
crucify is c not s. you should have told me earlier.
cthen i thk shd b enuff.. still got conclusion n contents pg n references.. i'll b doing da contents pg n cover pg..
hi chikku, send some nice msgs
future is not what we planned for tomorrow.....! it is the result of what we do today...! do the best in present... enjoy the future.
fuck babe ... i miss you already, you know ? can't you let me send you some money towards your net ? i need you ... i want you ... i crave you ...
sppok up ur mob with a halloween collection of nokia logo&pic message plus a free eerie tone, txt card spook to 8007
some are lasting as much as 2 hours. you might get lucky.
do i? i thought i put it back in the box
sorry, i'll call later
i sent your maga that money yesterday oh.
play w computer? aiyah i tok 2 u lor?
how tall are you princess?
not yet chikku..wat abt u?
are you still getting the goods.
haha better late than ever, any way i could swing by?
good night my dear.. sleepwell&amp;take care
fuuuuck i need to stop sleepin, sup
alex knows a guy who sells mids but he's down in south tampa and i don't think i could set it up before like 8
designation is software developer and may be she get chennai:)
not a drop in the tank
never blame a day in ur life. good days give u happiness. bad days give u experience. both are essential in life! all are gods blessings! good morning.:
huh but i cant go 2 ur house empty handed right?
hahaha..use your brain dear
realy sorry-i don't recognise this number and am now confused :) who r u please?!
good day to you too.pray for me.remove the teeth as its painful maintaining other stuff.
sir, i need velusamy sir's date of birth and company bank facilities details.
hi' test on  &lt;#&gt; rd ....
every monday..nxt week vl be completing..
alrite sam its nic just checkin that this is ur number-so is it?t.b*
i can ask around but there's not a lot in terms of mids up here
must come later.. i normally bathe him in da afternoon mah..
my uncles in atlanta. wish you guys a great semester.
its ok..come to my home it vl nice to meet and v can chat..
geeee ... i miss you already, you know ? your all i can think about. fuck, i can't wait till next year when we will be together ... *loving kiss*
god picked up a flower and dippeditinadew, lovingly touched itwhichturnedinto u, and the he gifted tomeandsaid,this friend is 4u
i will be outside office take all from there
its so common hearin how r u? wat r u doing? how was ur day? so let me ask u something different. did u smile today? if not, do it now.... gud evng.
my birthday is on feb  &lt;#&gt;  da. .
?? come lt 25 n pass to me lar
kay... since we are out already
18 days to euro2004 kickoff! u will be kept informed of all the latest news and results daily. unsubscribe send get euro stop to 83222.
that's y i said it's bad dat all e gals know u... wat u doing now?
in which place i can get rooms cheap:-)
i thought we were doing a king of the hill thing there.
love you aathi..love u lot..
k..u also dont msg or reply to his msg..
i dont know exactly could you ask chechi.
jane babes not goin 2 wrk, feel ill after lst nite. foned in already cover 4 me chuck.:-)
geeeee ... i love you so much i can barely stand it
now i'm going for lunch.
okie...
heart is empty without love.. mind is empty without wisdom.. eyes r empty without dreams &amp; life is empty without frnds.. so alwys be in touch. good night &amp; sweet dreams
we know someone who you know that fancies you. call 09058097218 to find out who. pobox 6, ls15hb 150p
lol you won't feel bad when i use her money to take you out to a steak dinner =d
i'm gonna say no. sorry. i would but as normal am starting to panic about time. sorry again! are you seeing on tuesday?
ok. so april. cant wait
k.i will send in  &lt;#&gt;  min:)
smile in pleasure smile in pain smile when trouble pours like rain smile when sum1 hurts u smile becoz someone still loves to see u smiling!!
wat time liao, where still got.
my friend just got here and says he's upping his order by a few grams (he's got $ &lt;#&gt; ), when can you get here?
what are you doing in langport? sorry, but i'll probably be in bed by 9pm. it sucks being ill at xmas! when do you and go2sri lanka?
its a laptop take it with you.
for ur chance to win a ??250 cash every wk txt: action to 80608. t's&c's www.movietrivia.tv custcare 08712405022, 1x150p/wk
like a personal sized or what
omg i want to scream. i weighed myself and i lost more weight! woohoo!
k..k..i'm also fine:)when will you complete the course?
great. p diddy is my neighbor and comes for toothpaste every morning
how stupid to say that i challenge god.you dont think at all on what i write instead you respond immed.
she.s fine. i have had difficulties with her phone. it works with mine. can you pls send her another friend request.
house-maid is the murderer, coz the man was murdered on  &lt;#&gt; th january.. as public holiday all govt.instituitions are closed,including post office..understand?
ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
i will come tomorrow di
hey i will be late ah... meet you at 945+
no dice, art class 6 thru 9 :( thanks though. any idea what time i should come tomorrow?
its sunny in california. the weather's just cool
holy living christ what is taking you so long
urgent! your mobile number has been awarded with a ??2000 prize guaranteed. call 09061790121 from land line. claim 3030. valid 12hrs only 150ppm
anytime lor...
\hey! do u fancy meetin me at 4 at cha ?? hav a lil beverage on me. if not txt or ring me and we can meet up l8r. quite tired got in at 3 v.pist ;) love pete x x x\""
this is my number by vivek..
neither [in sterm voice] - i'm studying. all fine with me! not sure the  thing will be resolved, tho. anyway. have a fab hols
are you going to wipro interview today?
i know where the  &lt;#&gt;  is, i'll be there around 5
is ur paper today in e morn or aft?
thought we could go out for dinner. i'll treat you! seem ok?
i am on the way to tirupur.
\for the most sparkling shopping breaks from 45 per person; call 0121 2025050 or visit www.shortbreaks.org.uk\""
tessy..pls do me a favor. pls convey my birthday wishes to nimya..pls dnt forget it. today is her birthday shijas
congrats! nokia 3650 video camera phone is your call 09066382422 calls cost 150ppm ave call 3mins vary from mobiles 16+ close 300603 post bcm4284 ldn wc1n3xx
urgent! we are trying to contact u. todays draw shows that you have won a ??2000 prize guaranteed. call 09066358361 from land line. claim y87. valid 12hrs only
ok. she'll be ok. i guess
merry christmas to u too annie!
found it, enc  &lt;#&gt; , where you at?
well done and ! luv ya all
can i meet ?_ at 5.. as 4 where depends on where ?_ wan 2 in lor..
nothing lor... a bit bored too... then y dun u go home early 2 sleep today...
huh so slow i tot u reach long ago liao... u 2 more days only i 4 more leh...
lol ... no just was busy
i cant talk to you now.i will call when i can.dont keep calling.
tell them u have a headache and just want to use 1 hour of sick time.
yup ok thanx...
i was up all night too worrying about this appt. it's a shame we missed a girls night out with quizzes popcorn and you doing my hair.
sad story of a man - last week was my b'day. my wife did'nt wish me. my parents forgot n so did my kids . i went to work. even my colleagues did not wish. as i entered my cabin my pa said, '' happy b'day boss !!''. i felt special. she askd me 4 lunch. after lunch she invited me to her apartment. we went there. she said,'' do u mind if i go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''ok'', i sed in a sexy mood. she came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n my wife, my parents, my kidz, my friends n my colleagues. all screaming.. surprise !! and i was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' naked...!
i hope your alright babe? i worry that you might have felt a bit desparate when you learned the job was a fake ? i am here waiting when you come back, my love
i liked your new house
all done, all handed in. don't know if mega shop in asda counts as celebration but thats what i'm doing!
i really need 2 kiss u i miss u my baby from ur baby 4eva
ok i am on the way to railway
no my mum went 2 dentist.
very hurting n meaningful lines ever: \i compromised everything for my love
u having lunch alone? i now so bored...
aight, i'm chillin in a friend's room so text me when you're on the way
not for possession, especially not first offense
* thought i didn't see you.
they said ?_ dun haf passport or smth like dat.. or ?_ juz send to my email account..
ok thats cool. its , just off either raglan rd or edward rd. behind the cricket ground. gimme ring when ur closeby see you tuesday.
wow ... i love you sooo much, you know ? i can barely stand it ! i wonder how your day goes and if you are well, my love ... i think of you and miss you
pls send me the correct name da.
ok. how many should i buy.
congrats! 2 mobile 3g videophones r yours. call 09061744553 now! videochat wid ur mates, play java games, dload polyh music, noline rentl. bx420. ip4. 5we. 150pm
valentines day special! win over ??1000 in our quiz and take your partner on the trip of a lifetime! send go to 83600 now. 150p/msg rcvd. custcare:08718720201
shall i start from hear.
also north carolina and texas atm, you would just go to the gre site and pay for the test results to be sent.
ya very nice. . .be ready on thursday
haha, just what i was thinkin
if you ask her or she say any please message.
yes.mum lookin strong:)
ok...
just normal only here :)
i have a date on sunday with will!!
sexy sexy cum and text me im wet and warm and ready for some porn! u up for some fun? this msg is free recd msgs 150p inc vat 2 cancel text stop
hello madam how are you ?
so dont use hook up any how
hi da:)how is the todays class?
jus ans me lar. u'll noe later.
he's really into skateboarding now despite the fact that he gets thrown off of it and winds up with bandages and shit all over his arms every five minutes
as per your request 'melle melle (oru minnaminunginte nurungu vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all callers. press *9 to copy your friends callertune
yup... from what i remb... i think should be can book...
no da:)he is stupid da..always sending like this:)don believe any of those message.pandy is a mental:)
huh y lei...
i will reach office around  &lt;decimal&gt; . &amp; my mobile have problem. you cann't get my voice. so call you asa i'll free
where r e meeting tmr?
look at amy ure a beautiful, intelligent woman and i like u a lot. i know u don??t like me like that so don??t worry.
thanks again for your reply today. when is ur visa coming in. and r u still buying the gucci and bags. my sister things are not easy, uncle john also has his own bills so i really need to think about how to make my own money. later sha.
hi jon, pete here, ive bin 2 spain recently & hav sum dinero left, bill said u or ur ??rents mayb interested in it, i hav 12,000pes, so around ??48, tb, james.
shall i bring us a bottle of wine to keep us amused? only joking! i???ll bring one anyway
yesterday its with me only . now am going home.
7 wonders in my world 7th you 6th ur style 5th ur smile 4th ur personality 3rd ur nature 2nd ur sms and 1st \ur lovely friendship\"... good morning dear"
aight, sounds good. when do you want me to come down?
yup i thk cine is better cos no need 2 go down 2 plaza mah.
i tot it's my group mate... lucky i havent reply... wat time do ?_ need to leave...
fine i miss you very much.
lookatme!: thanks for your purchase of a video clip from lookatme!, you've been charged 35p. think you can do better? why not send a video in a mmsto 32323.
oh... kay... on sat right?
my friends use to call the same.
cheers for the message zogtorius. i??ve been staring at my phone for an age deciding whether to text or not.
yalru lyfu astne chikku.. bt innu mundhe lyf ali halla ke bilo (marriage)program edhae, so lyf is nt yet ovr chikku..ali vargu lyfu meow meow:-d
don't worry though, i understand how important it is that i be put in my place with a poorly thought out punishment in the face of the worst thing that has ever happened to me. brb gonna go kill myself
where is it. is there any opening for mca.
you still at the game?
not that i know of, most people up here are still out of town
that's ok. i popped in to ask bout something and she said you'd been in. are you around tonght wen this girl comes?
are you at work right now ?
they released vday shirts and when u put it on it makes your bottom half naked instead of those white underwear.
camera - you are awarded a sipix digital camera! call 09061221066 fromm landline. delivery within 28 days.
k.:)you are the only girl waiting in reception ah?
am on the uworld site. am i buying the qbank only or am i buying it with the self assessment also?
horrible u eat macs eat until u forgot abt me already rite... u take so long 2 reply. i thk it's more toot than b4 so b prepared. now wat shall i eat?
i tagged my friends that you seemed to count as your friends.
<forwarded from 21870000>hi - this is your mailbox messaging sms alert. you have 40 matches. please call back on 09056242159 to retrieve your messages and matches cc100p/min
?? bot notes oredi... cos i juz rem i got...
ok...
you are a great role model. you are giving so much and i really wish each day for a miracle but god as a reason for everything and i must say i wish i knew why but i dont. i've looked up to you since i was young and i still do. have a great day.
hello peach! my cake tasts lush!
i know i'm lacking on most of this particular dramastorm's details but for the most part i'm not worried about that
hey leave it. not a big deal:-) take care.
and that is the problem. you walk around in \julianaland\" oblivious to what is going on around you. i say the same things constantly and they go in one ear and out the other while you go off doing whatever you want to do. it's not that you don't know why i'm upset--it's that you don't listen when i tell you what is going to upset me. then you want to be surprised when i'm mad."
ok lor.
just re read it and i have no shame but tell me how he takes it and if he runs i will blame u 4 ever!! not really 4 ever just a long time
, im .. on the snowboarding trip. i was wondering if your planning to get everyone together befor we go..a meet and greet kind of affair? cheers,
i guess it is useless calling u 4 something important.
aight that'll work, thanks
hey , is * rite u put ??10 evey mnth is that all?
yeah like if it goes like it did with my friends imma flip my shit in like half an hour
it wont b until 2.15 as trying 2 sort house out, is that ok?
can help u swoop by picking u up from wherever ur other birds r meeting if u want.
just sent it. so what type of food do you like?
be sure to check your yahoo email. we sent photos yesterday
splashmobile: choose from 1000s of gr8 tones each wk! this is a subscrition service with weekly tones costing 300p. u have one credit - kick back and enjoy
thank you for calling.forgot to say happy onam to you sirji.i am fine here and remembered you when i met an insurance person.meet you in qatar insha allah.rakhesh, ex tata aig who joined tissco,tayseer.
\cheers u tex mecause u werebored! yeah okden hunny r uin wk sat?sound??s likeyour havin gr8fun j! keep updat countinlots of loveme xxxxx.\""
hmph. go head, big baller.
only once then after ill obey all yours.
there the size of elephant tablets & u shove um up ur ass!!
good afternoon starshine! how's my boytoy? does he crave me yet? ache to fuck me ? *sips cappuccino* i miss you babe *teasing kiss*
and several to you sir.
yo my trip got postponed, you still stocked up?
why i come in between you people
networking job is there.
nooooooo i'm gonna be bored to death all day. cable and internet outage.
also remember the beads don't come off. ever.
today iz yellow rose day. if u love my frndship give me 1 misscall &amp; send this to ur frndz &amp; see how many miss calls u get. if u get 6missed u marry ur lover.
k, want us to come by now?
feel like trying kadeem again? :v
at what time are you coming.
bloomberg -message center +447797706009 why wait? apply for your future http://careers. bloomberg.com
don't b floppy... b snappy & happy! only gay chat service with photo upload call 08718730666 (10p/min). 2 stop our texts call 08712460324
pls i wont belive god.not only jesus.
still chance there. if you search hard you will get it..let have a try :)
my uncles in atlanta. wish you guys a great semester.
love isn't a decision, it's a feeling. if we could decide who to love, then, life would be much simpler, but then less magical
yeah, we can probably swing by once my roommate finishes up with his girl
what are your new years plans?
lol. well quality aint bad at all so i aint complaining
how i noe... she's in da car now... later then c lar... i'm wearing shorts...
still i have not checked it da. . .
uh, heads up we don't have that much left
accordingly. i repeat, just text the word ok on your mobile phone and send
imagine life without me... see.. how fast u are searching me?don't worry.. l'm always there to disturb u.. goodnoon..:)
i've got it down to a tea. not sure which flavour
japanese proverb: if one can do it, u too can do it, if none can do it,u must do it indian version: if one can do it, let him do it.. if none can do it,leave it!! and finally kerala version: if one can do it, stop him doing it.. if none can do it, make a strike against it ...
free entry into our ??250 weekly comp just send the word win to 80086 now. 18 t&c www.txttowin.co.uk
it is a good thing i'm now getting the connection to bw
hhahhaahahah rofl wtf nig was leonardo in your room or something
is ur paper in e morn or aft tmr?
sounds like a plan! cardiff is still here and still cold! i'm sitting on the radiator!
how come she can get it? should b quite diff to guess rite...
would u fuckin believe it they didnt know i had thurs pre booked off so they re cancelled me again! that needs to b sacked
there'll be a minor shindig at my place later tonight, you interested?
draw va?i dont think so:)
2 laptop... i noe infra but too slow lar... i wan fast one
and by when you're done i mean now
customer place, i wil cal u sir.
urgent! please call 09061743811 from landline. your abta complimentary 4* tenerife holiday or ??5000 cash await collection sae t&cs box 326 cw25wx 150ppm
both :) i shoot big loads so get ready!
hey gals...u all wanna meet 4 dinner at n??te?
don't necessarily expect it to be done before you get back though because i'm just now headin out
i sent lanre fakeye's eckankar details to the mail box
understand. his loss is my gain :) so do you work? school?
just chill for another 6hrs. if you could sleep the pain is not a surgical emergency so see how it unfolds. okay
kinda. first one gets in at twelve! aah. speak tomo
yeah there's barely enough room for the two of us, x has too many fucking shoes. sorry man, see you later
i'm on my way home. went to change batt 4 my watch then go shop a bit lor.
hello. we need some posh birds and chaps to user trial prods for champneys. can i put you down? i need your address and dob asap. ta r
where are you?when wil you reach here?
sorry, went to bed early, nightnight
yeah, probably but not sure. ilol let u know, but personally i wuldnt bother, then again if ur goin to then i mite as well!!
im done. just studyn in library
gal n boy walking in d park. gal-can i hold ur hand? boy-y? do u think i would run away? gal-no, jst wana c how it feels walking in heaven with an prince..gn:-)
k:)k:)good:)study well.
small problem in auction:)punj now asking tiwary
already one guy loving you:-.
your opinion about me? 1. over 2. jada 3. kusruthi 4. lovable 5. silent 6. spl character 7. not matured 8. stylish 9. simple pls reply..
anything lar...
cab is available.they pick up and drop at door steps.
great. i'm in church now, will holla when i get out
me, i dont know again oh
freemsg: hey - i'm buffy. 25 and love to satisfy men. home alone feeling randy. reply 2 c my pix! qlynnbv help08700621170150p a msg send stop to stop txts
yes. they replied my mail. i'm going to the management office later. plus will in to bank later also.or on wednesday.
sir, i am waiting for your call.
this is ur face test ( 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9  &lt;#&gt;  ) select any number i will tell ur face astrology.... am waiting. quick reply...
u have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with u-find out who they r*reveal who thinks ur so special-call on 09058094594
i think just yourself ??_thanks and see you tomo
hi:)cts employee how are you?
my sort code is  and acc no is . the bank is natwest. can you reply to confirm i've sent this to the right person!
so how are you really. what are you up to. how's the masters. and so on.
i will see in half an hour
then u better go sleep.. dun disturb u liao.. u wake up then msg me lor..
yeah no probs - last night is obviously catching up with you... speak soon
wewa is 130. iriver 255. all 128 mb.
who were those people ? were you in a tour ? i thought you were doing that sofa thing you sent me ? your curious sugar
that way transport is less problematic than on sat night. by the way, if u want to ask  n  to join my bday, feel free. but need to know definite nos as booking on fri.
xmas prize draws! we are trying to contact u. todays draw shows that you have won a ??2000 prize guaranteed. call 09058094565 from land line. valid 12hrs only
ta-daaaaa! i am home babe, are you still up ?
ok. very good. its all about making that money.
pls she needs to dat slowly or she will vomit more.
finish liao... u?
especially since i talk about boston all up in my personal statement, lol! i woulda changed that if i had realized it said nyc! it says boston now.
you have won! as a valued vodafone customer our computer has picked you to win a ??150 prize. to collect is easy. just call 09061743386
please leave this topic..sorry for telling that..
have a safe trip to nigeria. wish you happiness and very soon company to share moments with
lol! u drunkard! just doing my hair at d moment. yeah still up 4 tonight. wats the plan?
i will lick up every drop :) are you ready to use your mouth as well?
went to pay rent. so i had to go to the bank to authorise the payment.
no idea, i guess we'll work that out an hour after we're supposed to leave since as usual nobody has any interest in figuring shit out before the last second
why do you ask princess?
k.i did't see you.:)k:)where are you now?
sorry, it's a lot of friend-of-a-friend stuff, i'm just now about to talk to the actual guy who wants to buy
i only haf msn. it's yijue@hotmail.com
ugh fuck it i'm resubbing to eve
ur awarded a city break and could win a ??200 summer shopping spree every wk. txt store to 88039 . skilgme. tscs087147403231winawk!age16 ??1.50perwksub
no rushing. i'm not working. i'm in school so if we rush we go hungry.
oh my god. i'm almost home
anyway i don't think i can secure anything up here, lemme know if you want me to drive down south and chill
sorry . i will be able to get to you. see you in the morning.
alright tyler's got a minor crisis and has to be home sooner than he thought so be here asap
hope you enjoyed your new content. text stop to 61610 to unsubscribe. help:08712400602450p provided by tones2you.co.uk
anything lor... u decide...
i love you. you set my soul on fire. it is not just a spark. but it is a flame. a big rawring flame. xoxo
ya even those cookies have jelly on them
i remain unconvinced that this isn't an elaborate test of my willpower
please call amanda with regard to renewing or upgrading your current t-mobile handset free of charge. offer ends today. tel 0845 021 3680 subject to t's and c's
ha ha cool cool chikku chikku:-):-db-)
will it help if we propose going back again tomorrow
nothin comes to my mind. ?? help me buy hanger lor. ur laptop not heavy?
awesome, text me when you're restocked
im just wondering what your doing right now?
which is weird because i know i had it at one point
k i'll be sure to get up before noon and see what's what
oops sorry. just to check that you don't mind picking me up tomo at half eight from station. would that be ok?
sorry i din lock my keypad.
hello, my love! how goes that day ? i wish your well and fine babe and hope that you find some job prospects. i miss you, boytoy ... *a teasing kiss*
enjoy urself tmr...
sweet, we may or may not go to 4u to meet carlos so gauge patty's interest in that
good afternoon, my love! how goes that day ? i hope maybe you got some leads on a job. i think of you, boytoy and send you a passionate kiss from across the sea
howz pain.it will come down today.do as i said ystrday.ice and medicine.
hiya, had a good day? have you spoken to since the weekend?
im sorry bout last nite it wasn??t ur fault it was me, spouse it was pmt or sumthin! u 4give me? i think u shldxxxx
my friend, she's studying at warwick, we've planned to go shopping and to concert tmw, but it may be canceled, havn't seen  for ages, yeah we should get together sometime!
come around  &lt;decimal&gt; pm vikky..i'm otside nw, il come by tht time
haha i heard that, text me when you're around
you said to me before i went back to bed that you can't sleep for anything.
hi baby im cruisin with my girl friend what r u up 2? give me a call in and hour at home if thats alright or fone me on this fone now love jenny xxx
wait.i will come out.. &lt;#&gt;  min:)
anything lar then ?_ not going home 4 dinner?
we tried to contact you re your response to our offer of a new nokia fone and camcorder hit reply or call 08000930705 for delivery
never try alone to take the weight of a tear that comes out of ur heart and falls through ur eyes... always remember a stupid friend is here to share... bslvyl
hi dear call me its urgnt. i don't know whats your problem. you don't want to work or if you have any other problem at least tell me. wating for your reply.
u can win ??100 of music gift vouchers every week starting now txt the word draw to 87066 tscs www.idew.com skillgame, 1winaweek, age16. 150ppermesssubscription
sorry, i'll call later
hope you are having a great day.
si si. i think ill go make those oreo truffles.
feb  &lt;#&gt;  is \i love u\" day. send dis to all ur \"valued frnds\" evn me. if 3 comes back u'll gt married d person u luv! if u ignore dis u will lose ur luv 4 evr"
when did you get to the library
ah you see. you have to be in the lingo. i will let you know wot on earth it is when has finished making it!
ok. c u then.
u know we watchin at lido?
me too! have a lovely night xxx
s:)no competition for him.
huh but i got lesson at 4 lei n i was thinkin of going to sch earlier n i tot of parkin at kent vale...
slept? i thinkthis time ( &lt;#&gt;  pm) is not dangerous
our prashanthettan's mother passed away last night. pray for her and family.
ok... but bag again..
oh... haha... den we shld had went today too... gee, nvm la... kaiez, i dun mind goin jazz oso... scared hiphop open cant catch up...
pls go there today  &lt;#&gt; . i dont want any excuses
it's wylie, you in tampa or sarasota?
i wont touch you with out your permission.
just do what ever is easier for you
my new years eve was ok. i went to a party with my boyfriend. who is this si then hey
i haven't forgotten you, i might have a couple bucks to send you tomorrow, k? i love ya too
networking technical support associate.
i'm stuck in da middle of da row on da right hand side of da lt...
no it was cancelled yeah baby! well that sounds important so i understand my darlin give me a ring later on this fone love kate x
alright. i'm out--have a good night!
final chance! claim ur ??150 worth of discount vouchers today! text yes to 85023 now! savamob, member offers mobile! t cs savamob pobox84, m263uz. ??3.00 subs 16
urgent! your mobile number *************** won a ??2000 bonus caller prize on 10/06/03! this is the 2nd attempt to reach you! call 09066368753 asap! box 97n7qp, 150ppm
i cant keep talking to people if am not sure i can pay them if they agree to price. so pls tell me what you want to really buy and how much you are willing to pay
ok i wont call or disturb any one. i know all are avoiding me. i am a burden for all
wylie update: my weed dealer carlos went to freedom and had a class with lunsford
lol ... i knew that .... i saw him in the dollar store
it'll be tough, but i'll do what i have to
coffee cake, i guess...
go chase after her and run her over while she's crossing the street
theyre doing it to lots of places. only hospitals and medical places are safe.
hi darlin how was work did u get into trouble? ijust talked to your mum all morning! i had a really good time last night im goin out soon but call me if u can
great comedy..cant stop laughing da:)
aight, i'll hit you up when i get some cash
is fujitsu s series lifebook good?
thanks a lot for your wishes on my birthday. thanks you for making my birthday truly memorable.
alright, i'll make sure the car is back tonight
alright we're hooked up, where you guys at
yavnt tried yet and never played original either
hey... thk we juz go accordin to wat we discussed yest lor, except no kb on sun... cos there's nt much lesson to go if we attend kb on sat...
yeah whatever lol
do u hav any frnd by name ashwini in ur college?
you please give us connection today itself before  &lt;decimal&gt;  or refund the bill
i'm also came to room.
how do you plan to manage that
what today-sunday..sunday is holiday..so no work..
ok give me 5 minutes i think i see her. btw you're my alibi. you were cutting my hair the whole time.
can you let me know details of fri when u find out cos i'm not in tom or fri. mentionned chinese. thanks
had your mobile 11mths ? update for free to oranges latest colour camera mobiles & unlimited weekend calls. call mobile upd8 on freefone 08000839402 or 2stoptx
nah i don't think he goes to usf, he lives around here though
i dont have any of your file in my bag..i was in work when you called me.i 'll tell you if i find anything in my room.
yeah jay's sort of a fucking retard
it's ok, at least armand's still around
hello. damn this christmas thing. i think i have decided to keep this mp3 that doesnt work.
watching tv lor...
that means get the door
hi baby ive just got back from work and i was wanting to see u allday! i hope i didnt piss u off on the phone today. if u are up give me a call xxx
haha just kidding, papa needs drugs
i also thk too fast... xy suggest one not me. u dun wan it's ok. going 2 rain leh where got gd.
oops my phone died and i didn't even know. yeah i like it better.
nt only for driving even for many reasons she is called bbd..thts it chikku, then hw abt dvg cold..heard tht vinobanagar violence hw is the condition..and hw ru ? any problem?
dun need to use dial up juz open da browser n surf...
joy's father is john. then john is the ____ of joy's father. if u ans ths you hav  &lt;#&gt;  iq. tis s ias question try to answer.
hi. i'm sorry i missed your call. can you pls call back.
the new deus ex game comin early next yr
ok both our days. so what are you making for dinner tonite? am i invited?
height of recycling: read twice- people spend time for earning money and the same money is spent for spending time!;-) good morning.. keep smiling:-)
1apple/day=no doctor. 1tulsi leaf/day=no cancer. 1lemon/day=no fat. 1cup milk/day=no bone problms 3 litres watr/day=no diseases snd ths 2 whom u care..:-)
no other valentines huh? the proof is on your fb page. ugh i'm so glad i really didn't watch your rupaul show you tool!
ill be there on  &lt;#&gt;  ok.
ok... the theory test? when are ?_ going to book? i think it's on 21 may. coz thought wanna go out with jiayin. but she isnt free
no we sell it all so we'll have tons if coins. then sell our coins to someone thru paypal. voila! money back in life pockets:)
....photoshop makes my computer shut down.
there is os called ubandu which will run without installing in hard disk...you can use that os to copy the important files in system and give it to repair shop..
great! i shoot big loads so get ready!
g.w.r
no go. no openings for that room 'til after thanksgiving without an upcharge.
ill call u 2mrw at ninish, with my address that icky american freek wont stop callin me 2 bad jen k eh?
there are many company. tell me the language.
yup, leaving right now, be back soon
\the world suffers a lot... not because of the violence of bad people. but because of the silence of good people!\"
sorry completely forgot * will pop em round this week if your still here?
good afternoon on this glorious anniversary day, my sweet j !! i hope this finds you happy and content, my prey. i think of you and send a teasing kiss from across the sea coaxing images of fond souveniers ... you cougar-pen
i'm at home. please call
wow! the boys r back. take that 2007 uk tour. win vip tickets & pre-book with vip club. txt club to 81303. trackmarque ltd info@vipclub4u.
this is the 2nd time we have tried 2 contact u. u have won the 750 pound prize. 2 claim is easy, call 08718726970 now! only 10p per min. bt-national-rate
i'm not. she lip synced with shangela.
where are the garage keys? they aren't on the bookshelf
okay. i've seen it. so i should pick it on friday?
win urgent! your mobile number has been awarded with a ??2000 prize guaranteed call 09061790121 from land line. claim 3030 valid 12hrs only 150ppm
jesus christ bitch i'm trying to give you drugs answer your fucking phone
mm not entirely sure i understood that text but hey. ho. which weekend?
thk shld b can... ya, i wana go 4 lessons... haha, can go for one whole stretch...
ok c ?_ then.
:)
as usual u can call me ard 10 smth.
buy space invaders 4 a chance 2 win orig arcade game console. press 0 for games arcade (std wap charge) see o2.co.uk/games 4 terms + settings. no purchase
where are you ? you said you would be here when i woke ... :-(
where @
oops i did have it,  &lt;#&gt; ?
guess he wants alone time. we could just show up and watch when they do..
yes. please leave at  &lt;#&gt; . so that at  &lt;#&gt;  we can leave
u need my presnts always bcz u cant mis love. \jeevithathile irulinae neekunna prakasamanu sneham\" prakasam ennal prabha 'that mns prabha is'love' got it. dont mis me...."
i'll text you when i drop x off
i thk 530 lor. but dunno can get tickets a not. wat u doing now?
hi ....my engagement has been fixd on  &lt;#&gt; th of next month. i know its really shocking bt....hmm njan vilikkam....t ws al of a sudn;-(.
hey. for me there is no leave on friday. wait i will ask my superior and tell you..
dis is yijue. i jus saw ur mail. in case huiming havent sent u my num. dis is my num.
or ill be a little closer like at the bus stop on the same street
hi its lucy hubby at meetins all day fri & i will b alone at hotel u fancy cumin over? pls leave msg 2day 09099726395 lucy x calls??1/minmobsmorelkpobox177hp51fl
babe, i need your advice
hi dear we saw dear. we both are happy. where you my battery is low
nope but i'm going home now then go pump petrol lor... like going 2 rain soon...
u have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with u-find out who they r*reveal who thinks ur so special-call on 09058094565
u have a secret admirer. reveal who thinks u r so special. call 09065174042. to opt out reply reveal stop. 1.50 per msg recd. cust care 07821230901
life spend with someone for a lifetime may be meaningless but a few moments spent with someone who really love you means more than life itself..
have a nice day my dear.
gent! we are trying to contact you. last weekends draw shows that you won a ??1000 prize guaranteed. call 09064012160. claim code k52. valid 12hrs only. 150ppm
if you are not coughing then its nothing
you give us back my id proof and  &lt;#&gt;  rs. we wont allow you to work. we will come to your home within days
that's y we haf to combine n c how lor...
hope this text meets you smiling. if not then let this text give you a reason to smile. have a beautiful day.
you intrepid duo you! have a great time and see you both soon.
haha i think i did too
yo, you around? just got my car back
why are u up so early?
just looked it up and addie goes back monday, sucks to be her
after completed degree. there is no use in joining finance.
o. well uv causes mutations. sunscreen is like essential thesedays
yeah i'll try to scrounge something up
dont worry, 1 day very big lambu ji vl come..til then enjoy batchlor party:-)
i want to go to perumbavoor
okey dokey swashbuckling stuff what oh.
hi darlin i hope you had a nice night i wish i had come cant wait to see you love fran ps i want dirty anal sex and i want a 10 man gang bang
well am officially in a philosophical hole, so if u wanna call am at home ready to be saved!
free-message: jamster!get the crazy frog sound now! for poly text mad1, for real text mad2 to 88888. 6 crazy sounds for just 3 gbp/week! 16+only! t&c's apply
no. on the way home. so if not for the long dry spell the season would have been over
hi its kate can u give me a ring asap xxx
yes. that will be fine. love you. be safe.
i am at a party with alex nichols
he is impossible to argue with and he always treats me like his sub, like he never released me ... which he did and i will remind him of that if necessary
probably a couple hours tops
let me know how to contact you. i've you settled in a room. lets know you are ok.
congratulations ore mo owo re wa. enjoy it and i wish you many happy moments to and fro wherever you go
no it will reach by 9 only. she telling she will be there. i dont know
nothing. i meant that once the money enters your account here, the bank will remove its flat rate. someone transfered  &lt;#&gt;  to my account and  &lt;#&gt; dollars got removed. so the banks differ and charges also differ.be sure you trust the 9ja person you are sending account details to cos...
will ?_ b going to esplanade fr home?
otherwise had part time job na-tuition..
eerie nokia tones 4u, rply tone title to 8007 eg tone dracula to 8007 titles: ghost, addamsfa, munsters, exorcist, twilight www.getzed.co.uk pobox36504w45wq 150p
i might come to kerala for 2 days.so you can be prepared to take a leave once i finalise .dont plan any travel during my visit.need to finish urgent works.
get your garden ready for summer with a free selection of summer bulbs and seeds worth ??33:50 only with the scotsman this saturday. to stop go2 notxt.co.uk
you have an important customer service announcement. call freephone 0800 542 0825 now!
are you ok. what happen to behave like this
make sure alex knows his birthday is over in fifteen minutes as far as you're concerned
spending new years with my brother and his family. lets plan to meet next week. are you ready to be spoiled? :)
hey i will be late... i'm at amk. need to drink tea or coffee
my parents, my kidz, my friends n my colleagues. all screaming.. surprise !! and i was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' naked...!
customer loyalty offer:the new nokia6650 mobile from only ??10 at txtauction! txt word: start to no: 81151 & get yours now! 4t&ctxt tc 150p/mtmsg
jesus armand really is trying to tell everybody he can find
yeah, probably here for a while
yes..but they said its it.,
a little. meds say take once every 8 hours. it's only been 5 but pain is back. so i took another. hope i don't die
upgrdcentre orange customer, you may now claim your free camera phone upgrade for your loyalty. call now on 0207 153 9153. offer ends 26th july. t&c's apply. opt-out available
you'll never believe this but i have actually got off at taunton. wow
did u fix the teeth?if not do it asap.ok take care.
love has one law; make happy the person you love. in the same way friendship has one law; never make ur friend feel alone until you are alive.... gud night
for fear of fainting with the of all that housework you just did? quick have a cuppa
are you wet right now?
you need to get up. now.
free 1st week entry 2 textpod 4 a chance 2 win 40gb ipod or ??250 cash every wk. txt pod to 84128 ts&cs www.textpod.net custcare 08712405020.
no 1 polyphonic tone 4 ur mob every week! just txt pt2 to 87575. 1st tone free ! so get txtin now and tell ur friends. 150p/tone. 16 reply hl 4info
raviyog peripherals bhayandar east
your opinion about me? 1. over 2. jada 3. kusruthi 4. lovable 5. silent 6. spl character 7. not matured 8. stylish 9. simple pls reply..
no i am not having not any movies in my laptop
romcapspam everyone around should be responding well to your presence since you are so warm and outgoing. you are bringing in a real breath of sunshine.
im late tellmiss im on my way
thanks honey but still haven't heard anything i will leave it a bit longer so not 2 crowd him and will try later - great advice thanks hope cardiff is still there!
jordan got voted out last nite!
sure thing big man. i have hockey elections at 6, shouldn???t go on longer than an hour though
i tot u reach liao. he said t-shirt.
2/2 146tf150p
still in customer place
you have an important customer service announcement from premier. call freephone 0800 542 0578 now!
hey ! i want you ! i crave you ! i miss you ! i need you ! i love you, ahmad saeed al hallaq ...
might ax well im there.
i dunno they close oredi not... ?? v ma fan...
where are you call me.
did you get any gift? this year i didnt get anything. so bad
u r too much close to my heart. if u go away i will be shattered. plz stay with me.
ok darlin i supose it was ok i just worry too much.i have to do some film stuff my mate and then have to babysit again! but you can call me there.xx
are you not around or just still asleep? :v
we currently have a message awaiting your collection. to collect your message just call 08718723815.
sent me de webadres for geting salary slip
i'm always on yahoo messenger now. just send the message to me and i.ll get it you may have to send it in the mobile mode sha but i.ll get it. and will reply.
a bit of ur smile is my hppnss, a drop of ur tear is my sorrow, a part of ur heart is my life, a heart like mine wil care for u, forevr as my goodfriend
todays vodafone numbers ending with 4882 are selected to a receive a ??350 award. if your number matches call 09064019014 to receive your ??350 award.
height of confidence: all the aeronautics professors wer calld &amp; they wer askd 2 sit in an aeroplane. aftr they sat they wer told dat the plane ws made by their students. dey all hurried out of d plane.. bt only 1 didnt move... he said:\if it is made by my students
he didn't see his shadow. we get an early spring yay
oh yes, why is it like torture watching england?
hi. customer loyalty offer:the new nokia6650 mobile from only ??10 at txtauction! txt word: start to no: 81151 & get yours now! 4t&ctxt tc 150p/mtmsg
we're on the opposite side from where we dropped you off
ranjith cal drpd deeraj and deepak 5min hold
free message activate your 500 free text messages by replying to this message with the word free for terms & conditions, visit www.07781482378.com
hi. hope ur day * good! back from walk, table booked for half eight. let me know when ur coming over.
as a registered optin subscriber ur draw 4 ??100 gift voucher will be entered on receipt of a correct ans to 80062 whats no1 in the bbc charts
single line with a big meaning::::: \miss anything 4 ur \"best life\" but
i'm watching lotr w my sis dis aft. so u wan 2 meet me 4 dinner at nite a not?
;-) ok. i feel like john lennon.
well welp is sort of a semiobscure internet thing
yeah i think my usual guy's still passed out from last night, if you get ahold of anybody let me know and i'll throw down
no i'm in the same boat. still here at my moms. check me out on yo. i'm half naked.
how about getting in touch with folks waiting for company? just txt back your name and age to opt in! enjoy the community (150p/sms)
don know..wait i will check it.
oh ok.. wat's ur email?
\gimme a few\" was  &lt;#&gt;  minutes ago"
that??s alrite girl, u know gail is neva wrong!!take care sweet and don??t worry.c u l8tr hun!love yaxxx
think i could stop by in like an hour or so? my roommate's looking to stock up for a trip
oh ok i didnt know what you meant. yep i am baby jontin
no that just means you have a fat head
r u still working now?
can you please send me my aunty's number
sorry,  in meeting i'll call you later
urgent! your mobile was awarded a ??1,500 bonus caller prize on 27/6/03. our final attempt 2 contact u! call 08714714011
yar lor actually we quite fast... cos da ge slow wat... haha...
awesome question with a cute answer: someone asked a boy \how is ur life?\" . . he smiled &amp; answered: . . \"she is fine!\" gudnite"
glad to see your reply.
??_ we r stayin here an extra week, back next wed. how did we do in the rugby this weekend? hi to and and , c u soon \"ham"
er yeah, i will b there at 15:26, sorry! just tell me which pub/cafe to sit in and come wen u can
ok k..sry i knw 2 siva..tats y i askd..
no:-)i got rumour that you going to buy apartment in chennai:-)
go until jurong point, crazy.. available only in bugis n great world la e buffet... cine there got amore wat...
haven't heard anything and he's not answering my texts so i'm guessing he flaked. that said the jb is fantastic
for ur chance to win a ??250 wkly shopping spree txt: shop to 80878. t's&c's www.txt-2-shop.com custcare 08715705022, 1x150p/wk
u horrible gal... u knew dat i was going out wif him yest n u still come n ask me...
life is more strict than teacher... bcoz teacher teaches lesson &amp; then conducts exam, but life first conducts exam &amp; then teaches lessons. happy morning. . .
\hello-/@drivby-:0quit edrunk sorry iff pthis makes no senrd-dnot no how ^ dancce 2 drum n basq!ihave fun 2nhite x ros xxxxxxx\""
tomorrow i am not going to theatre. . . so i can come wherever u call me. . . tell me where and when to come tomorrow
good night. am going to sleep.
mmmmm ... it was sooooo good to wake to your words this morning, my love!! mmmm fuck ... i love you too, my lion ... *devouring kiss from across the sea*
my drive can only be read. i need to write
then ur sis how?
he remains a bro amongst bros
i don,t think so. you don't need to be going out that late on a school night. especially when the one class you have is the one you missed last wednesday and probably failed a test in on friday
private! your 2003 account statement for shows 800 un-redeemed s. i. m. points. call 08715203652 identifier code: 42810 expires 29/10/0
good morning pookie pie! lol hope i didn't wake u up
delhi and chennai still silent.
i think its far more than that but find out. check google maps for a place from your dorm.
hey babe, sorry i didn't get sooner. gary can come and fix it cause he thinks he knows what it is but he doesn't go as far a ptbo and he says it will cost  &lt;#&gt;  bucks. i don't know if it might be cheaper to find someone there ? we don't have any second hand machines at all right now, let me know what you want to do babe
but we havent got da topic yet rite?
and how's your husband.
wow didn't think it was that common. i take it all back ur not a freak! unless u chop it off:-)
did you try making another butt.
have a good evening! ttyl
hey babe, how's it going ? did you ever figure out where your going for new years ?
k.k:)when are you going?
thanx 4 sending me home...
so why didnt you holla?
want explicit sex in 30 secs? ring 02073162414 now! costs 20p/min
sounds gd... haha... can... wah, u yan jiu so fast liao...
have you emigrated or something? ok maybe 5.30 was a bit hopeful...
no current and food here. i am alone also
?? log off 4 wat. it's sdryb8i
well the general price is  &lt;#&gt; /oz, let me know if/when/how much you want
actually i decided i was too hungry so i haven't left yet :v
wif my family booking tour package.
as per your request 'maangalyam (alaipayuthe)' has been set as your callertune for all callers. press *9 to copy your friends callertune
tell rob to mack his gf in the theater
moji i love you more than words. have a rich day
she said,'' do u mind if i go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''ok'', i sed in a sexy mood. she came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n my wife,
no * am working on the ringing u thing but have whole houseful of screaming brats so * am pulling my hair out! loving u
he has lots of used ones babe, but the model doesn't help. youi have to bring it over and he'll match it up
boltblue tones for 150p reply poly# or mono# eg poly3 1. cha cha slide 2. yeah 3. slow jamz 6. toxic 8. come with me or stop 4 more tones txt more
are you being good, baby? :)
\what are youdoing later? sar xxx\""
ok. every night take a warm bath drink a cup of milk and you'll see a work of magic. you still need to loose weight. just so that you know
taka lor. wat time u wan 2 come n look 4 us?
free nokia or motorola with upto 12mths 1/2price linerental, 500 free x-net mins&100txt/mth free b'tooth*. call mobileupd8 on 08001950382 or call 2optout/d3wv
so how many days since then?
hi, wlcome back, did wonder if you got eaten by a lion or something, nothing much
i'm in a meeting, call me later at
i want to tel u one thing u should not mistake me k this is the message that you sent:)
yup bathe liao...
anything lor. juz both of us lor.
come to mu, we're sorting out our narcotics situation
also track down any lighters you can find
u coming back 4 dinner rite? dad ask me so i re confirm wif u...
sunshine hols. to claim ur med holiday send a stamped self address envelope to drinks on us uk, po box 113, bray, wicklow, eire. quiz starts saturday! unsub stop
sorry vikky, i'm watching olave mandara movie kano in trishul theatre wit my frnds..
eatin my lunch...
hi. hope you had a good day. have a better night.
havent stuck at orchard in my dad's car. going 4 dinner now. u leh? so r they free tonight?
urgent!! your 4* costa del sol holiday or ??5000 await collection. call 09050090044 now toclaim. sae, tc s, pobox334, stockport, sk38xh, cost??1.50/pm, max10mins
message important information for o2 user. today is your lucky day! 2 find out why log onto http://www.urawinner.com there is a fantastic surprise awaiting you
night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. may you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. gud mrng
private! your 2003 account statement for shows 800 un-redeemed s. i. m. points. call 08718738002 identifier code: 48922 expires 21/11/04
many more happy returns of the day. i wish you happy birthday.
welcome to select, an o2 service with added benefits. you can now call our specially trained advisors free from your mobile by dialling 402.
so no messages. had food?
i borrow ur bag ok.
hey i've booked the 2 lessons on sun liao...
u can win ??100 of music gift vouchers every week starting now txt the word draw to 87066 tscs www.ldew.com skillgame,1winaweek, age16.150ppermesssubscription
how was txting and driving
ok then i come n pick u at engin?
i'm wif him now buying tix lar...
did you catch the bus ? are you frying an egg ? did you make a tea? are you eating your mom's left over dinner ? do you feel my love ?
mm you ask him to come its enough :-)
st andre, virgil's cream
except theres a chick with huge boobs.
nah dub but je still buff
hi did u decide wot 2 get 4 his bday if not ill prob jus get him a voucher frm virgin or sumfing
not yet chikku..k, then wat abt tht guy did he stopped irritating or msging to u..
lol its ok i didn't remember til last nite
spoke with uncle john today. he strongly feels that you need to sacrifice to keep me here. he's going to call you. when he does, i beg you to just listen. dont make any promises or make it clear things are not easy. and i need you to please let us work things out. as long as i keep expecting help, my creativity will be stifled so pls just keep him happy, no promises on your part.
we have sent jd for customer service cum accounts executive to ur mail id, for details contact us
hi mom we might be back later than  &lt;#&gt;
free camera phones with linerental from 4.49/month with 750 cross ntwk mins. 1/2 price txt bundle deals also avble. call 08001950382 or call2optout/j mf
i am in bus on the way to calicut
pls call me da. what happen.
someone u know has asked our dating service 2 contact you! cant guess who? call 09058091854 now all will be revealed. po box385 m6 6wu
i'm done oredi...
urgent! we are trying to contact u todays draw shows that you have won a ??800 prize guaranteed. call 09050000460 from land line. claim j89. po box245c2150pm
k:)i will give my kvb acc details:)
i keep ten rs in my shelf:) buy two egg.
yup it's at paragon... i havent decided whether 2 cut yet... hee...
i liked the new mobile
in fact when do you leave? i think addie goes back to school tues or wed
happy new year my dear brother. i really do miss you. just got your number and decided to send you this text wishing you only happiness. abiola
in meeting da. i will call you
to the wonderful okors, have a great month. we cherish you guys and wish you well each day. mojibiola
i will come tomorrow di
you're gonna have to be way more specific than that
oh ho. is this the first time u use these type of words
what not under standing.
s.i think he is waste for rr..
mmmmmmm *snuggles into you* ...*deep contented sigh* ... *whispers* ... i fucking love you so much i can barely stand it ...
gam gone after outstanding innings.
don no da:)whats you plan?
whats the staff name who is taking class for us?
sorry, i'll call later
i place all ur points on e cultures module already.
on a tuesday night r u 4 real
sorry, i'll call later in meeting.
1's finish meeting call me.
your chance to be on a reality fantasy show call now = 08707509020 just 20p per min ntt ltd, po box 1327 croydon cr9 5wb 0870 is a national = rate call.
r u here yet? i'm wearing blue shirt n black pants.
hi 07734396839 ibh customer loyalty offer: the new nokia6600 mobile from only ??10 at txtauction!txt word:start to no:81151 & get yours now!4t&
did he just say somebody is named tampa
ya, told..she was asking wats matter?
well, i have to leave for my class babe ... you never came back to me ... :-( ... hope you have a nice sleep, my love
\hey hey werethe monkeespeople say we monkeyaround! howdy gorgeous
ok i will tell her to stay out. yeah its been tough but we are optimistic things will improve this month.
if he started searching he will get job in few days.he have great potential and talent.
aight, i'll ask a few of my roommates
dear dave this is your final notice to collect your 4* tenerife holiday or #5000 cash award! call 09061743806 from landline. tcs sae box326 cw25wx 150ppm
looks like you found something to do other than smoke, great job!
reckon need to be in town by eightish to walk from * carpark.
congrats! 1 year special cinema pass for 2 is yours. call 09061209465 now! c suprman v, matrix3, starwars3, etc all 4 free! bx420-ip4-5we. 150pm. dont miss out!
wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... have nice day da.
have a good evening! ttyl
how are you doing? hope you've settled in for the new school year. just wishin you a gr8 day
happy birthday... may all ur dreams come true...
wishing you and your family merry \x\" mas and happy new year in advance.."
yes we were outside for like 2 hours. and i called my whole family to wake them up cause it started at 1 am
ur cash-balance is currently 500 pounds - to maximize ur cash-in now send go to 86688 only 150p/msg. cc 08718720201 hg/suite342/2lands row/w1j6hl
great new offer - double mins & double txt on best orange tariffs and get latest camera phones 4 free! call mobileupd8 free on 08000839402 now! or 2stoptxt t&cs
your chance to be on a reality fantasy show call now = 08707509020 just 20p per min ntt ltd, po box 1327 croydon cr9 5wb 0870 is a national = rate call
ay wana meet on sat??_ wkg on sat?
haha awesome, be there in a minute
i've sent ?_ my part..
two fundamentals of cool life: \walk whoever is the king\"!... gud nyt"
no, i *didn't* mean to post it. i wrote it, and like so many other times i've ritten stuff to you, i let it sit there. it was what i was feeling at the time. i was angry. before i left, i hit send, then stop. it wasn't there. i checked on my phone when i got to my car. it wasn't there. you said you didn't sleep, you were bored. so why wouldn't that be the time to clean, fold laundry, etc.? at least make the bed?
carlos says we can pick up from him later so yeah we're set
get me out of this dump heap. my mom decided to come to lowes. boring.
do u konw waht is rael friendship im gving yuo an exmpel: jsut ese tihs msg.. evrey splleing of tihs msg is wrnog.. bt sitll yuo can raed it wihtuot ayn mitsake.. goodnight &amp; have a nice sleep..sweet dreams..
i was wondering if it would be okay for you to call uncle john and let him know that things are not the same in nigeria as they r here. that  &lt;#&gt;  dollars is 2years sent and that you know its a strain but i plan to pay back every dime he gives. every dime so for me to expect anything from you is not practical. something like that.
hi the way i was with u 2day, is the normal way&this is the real me. ur unique&i hope i know u 4 the rest of mylife. hope u find wot was lost.
you've won tkts to the euro2004 cup final or ??800 cash, to collect call 09058099801 b4190604, pobox 7876150ppm
sorry, i'll call later in meeting any thing related to trade please call arul. &lt;#&gt;
yes i think so. i am in office but my lap is in room i think thats on for the last few days. i didnt shut that down
or u ask they all if next sat can a not. if all of them can make it then i'm ok lor.
\hey das cool... iknow all 2 wellda peril of studentfinancial crisis!spk 2 u l8r.\""
the world's most happiest frnds never have the same characters... dey just have the best understanding of their differences...
yup...
oh just getting even with u.... u?
so li hai... me bored now da lecturer repeating last weeks stuff waste time...
did you stitch his trouser
marvel mobile play the official ultimate spider-man game (??4.50) on ur mobile right now. text spider to 83338 for the game & we ll send u a free 8ball wallpaper
s but not able to sleep.
god asked, \what is forgiveness?\" a little child gave lovely reply
88066 from 88066 lost 3pound help
just hopeing that wasn???t too pissed up to remember and has gone off to his sisters or something!
omw back to tampa from west palm, you hear what happened?
hello! good week? fancy a drink or something later?
waqt se pehle or naseeb se zyada kisi ko kuch nahi milta,zindgi wo nahi he jo hum sochte hai zindgi wo hai jo ham jeetey hai..........
then ?_ wait 4 me at bus stop aft ur lect lar. if i dun c ?_ then i go get my car then come back n pick ?_.
dear umma she called me now :-)
got it! it looks scrumptious... daddy wants to eat you all night long!
had your contract mobile 11 mnths? latest motorola, nokia etc. all free! double mins & text on orange tariffs. text yes for callback, no to remove from records
i dnt wnt to tlk wid u
u wan 2 haf lunch i'm in da canteen now.
hi chachi tried calling u now unable to reach u .. pl give me a missed cal once u c tiz msg  kanagu
do you want a new video phone750 anytime any network mins 150 text for only five pounds per week call 08000776320 now or reply for delivery tomorrow
k, wen ur free come to my home and also tel vikky i hav sent mail to him also.. better come evening il be free today aftr 6pm..:-)
free entry into our ??250 weekly comp just send the word enter to 84128 now. 18 t&c www.textcomp.com cust care 08712405020.
i didnt get anything da
does not operate after  &lt;#&gt;  or what
i'm in town now so i'll jus take mrt down later.
you have an important customer service announcement. call freephone 0800 542 0825 now!
po de :-):):-):-):-). no need job aha.
i want to lick your pussy now...
lmao where's your fish memory when i need it?
* was a nice day and, impressively, i was sensible, went home early and now feel fine. or am i just boring?! when's yours, i can't remember.
why don't you wait 'til at least wednesday to see if you get your .
kent vale lor... ?? wait 4 me there ar?
i've told him that i've returned it. that should i re order it.
k i'll call you when i'm close
you are a big chic. common. declare
you call times job today ok umma and ask them to speed up
we're finally ready fyi
no da. i am happy that we sit together na
jus came back fr lunch wif my sis only. u leh?
i don't know u and u don't know me. send chat to 86688 now and let's find each other! only 150p/msg rcvd. hg/suite342/2lands/row/w1j6hl ldn. 18 years or over.
pls send me a comprehensive mail about who i'm paying, when and how much.
i dont have i shall buy one dear
camera - you are awarded a sipix digital camera! call 09061221066 fromm landline. delivery within 28 days
remind me how to get there and i shall do so
gr8. so how do you handle the victoria island traffic. plus when's the album due
ok., is any problem to u frm him? wats matter?
i'm home, my love ... if your still awake ... *loving kiss*
yup... hey then one day on fri we can ask miwa and jiayin take leave go karaoke
anything lor if they all go then i go lor...
well i will watch shrek in 3d!!b)
how are you. just checking up on you
dai what this da.. can i send my resume to this id.
do you like italian food?
is xy in ur car when u picking me up?
it shall be fine. i have avalarr now. will hollalater
cool, want me to go to kappa or should i meet you outside mu
'wnevr i wana fal in luv vth my books, my bed fals in luv vth me..!'' . yen madodu, nav pretsorginta, nammanna pretsovru important alwa....!!:) gud eveb-).
?? mean it's confirmed... i tot they juz say oni... ok then...
oh that was a forwarded message. i thought you send that to me
tomarrow final hearing on my laptop case so i cant.
dude got a haircut. now its breezy up there
yes... i trust u to buy new stuff asap so i can try it out
guess what! somebody you know secretly fancies you! wanna find out who it is? give us a call on 09065394973 from landline datebox1282essexcm61xn 150p/min 18
none of that's happening til you get here though
i dont want to hear philosophy. just say what happen
i don't run away frm u... i walk slowly &amp; it kills me that u don't care enough to stop me...
that is wondarfull song
spjanuary male sale! hot gay chat now cheaper, call 08709222922. national rate from 1.5p/min cheap to 7.8p/min peak! to stop texts call 08712460324 (10p/min)
they released another italian one today and it has a cosign option
raji..pls do me a favour. pls convey my birthday wishes to nimya. pls. today is her birthday.
sorry, i'll call later
cool, we shall go and see, have to go to tip anyway. are you at home, got something to drop in later? so lets go to town tonight! maybe mum can take us in.
you have been specially selected to receive a 2000 pound award! call 08712402050 before the lines close. cost 10ppm. 16+. t&cs apply. ag promo
the word \checkmate\" in chess comes from the persian phrase \"shah maat\" which means; \"the king is dead..\" goodmorning.. have a good day..:)"
die... now i have e toot fringe again...
haha get used to driving to usf man, i know a lot of stoners
yup... i havent been there before... you want to go for the yoga? i can call up to book
and smile for me right now as you go and the world will wonder what you are smiling about and think your crazy and keep away from you ... *grins*
aight, we'll head out in a few
i couldn't say no as he is a dying man and i feel sad for him so i will go and i just wanted you to know i would probably be gone late into your night
mathews or tait or edwards or anderson
no plm i will come da. on the way.
this is one of the days you have a billion classes, right?
i.ll post her out l8r. in class
* free* polyphonic ringtone text super to 87131 to get your free poly tone of the week now! 16 sn pobox202 nr31 7zs subscription 450pw
ew are you one of them?
u sleeping now.. or you going to take? haha.. i got spys wat.. me online checking n replying mails lor..
lol! oops sorry! have fun.
mom wants to know where you at
under the sea, there lays a rock. in the rock, there is an envelope. in the envelope, there is a paper. on the paper, there are 3 words... '
well the weather in cali's great. but its complexities are great. you need a car to move freely, its taxes are outrageous. but all in all its a great place. the sad part is i missing home.
how r ?_ going to send it to me?
send me yetty's number pls.
k then 2marrow are you coming to class.
but if she.s drinkin i'm ok.
yup he msg me: is tat yijue? then i tot it's my group mate cos we meeting today mah... i'm askin if ?_ leaving earlier or wat mah cos mayb ?_ haf to walk v far...
me too baby! i promise to treat you well! i bet you will take good care of me...
do ?_ noe if ben is going?
then ?_ come n pick me at 530 ar?
cps is causing the outages to conserve energy.
nice.nice.how is it working?
bears pic nick, and tom, pete and ... dick. in fact, all types try gay chat with photo upload call 08718730666 (10p/min). 2 stop texts call 08712460324
fran i decided 2 go n e way im completely broke an knackered i got up bout 3 c u 2mrw love janx p.s this is my dads fone, -no credit
en chikku nange bakra msg kalstiya..then had tea/coffee?
i'm home. doc gave me pain meds says everything is fine.
&lt;decimal&gt; m but its not a common car here so its better to buy from china or asia. or if i find it less expensive. i.ll holla
too late. i said i have the website. i didn't i have or dont have the slippers
alrite jod hows the revision goin? keris bin doin a smidgin. n e way u wanna cum over after college?xx
well, i meant as opposed to my drunken night of before
sex up ur mobile with a free sexy pic of jordan! just text babe to 88600. then every wk get a sexy celeb! pocketbabe.co.uk 4 more pics. 16 ??3/wk 087016248
hey there! glad u r better now. i hear u treated urself to a digi cam, is it good? we r off at 9pm. have a fab new year, c u in coupla wks!
oh great. i.ll disturb him more so that we can talk.
ugh y can't u just apologize, admit u were wrong and ask me to take u back?
no problem. how are you doing?
shb b ok lor... thanx...
k...k...when will you give treat?
+123 congratulations - in this week's competition draw u have won the ??1450 prize to claim just call 09050002311 b4280703. t&cs/stop sms 08718727868. over 18 only 150ppm
no. thank you. you've been wonderful
on ma way to school. can you pls send me ashley's number
i know you are thinkin malaria. but relax, children cant handle malaria. she would have been worse and its gastroenteritis. if she takes enough to replace her loss her temp will reduce. and if you give her malaria meds now she will just vomit. its a self limiting illness she has which means in a few days it will completely stop
prepare to be pounded every night...
dont you have message offer
you are right though. i can't give you the space you want and need. this is really starting to become an issue. i was going to suggest setting a definite move out--if i'm still there-- after greece. but maybe you are ready and should do it now.
k. i will sent it again
ok lor... or u wan me go look 4 u?
and very importantly, all we discuss is between u and i only.
k, if u bored up just come to my home..
aiyah e rain like quite big leh. if drizzling i can at least run home.
ok... i din get ur msg...
i have lost 10 kilos as of today!
nice talking to you! please dont forget my pix :) i want to see all of you...
i guess that's why you re worried. you must know that there's a way the body repairs itself. and i'm quite sure you shouldn't worry. we'll take it slow. first the tests, they will guide when your ovulation is then just relax. nothing you've said is a reason to worry but i.ll keep on followin you up.
omg joanna is freaking me out. she's looked thru all my friends to find photos of me. and then she's asking about stuff on my myspace which i haven't even logged on in like a year. :/
are you angry with me. what happen dear
sometimes heart remembrs someone very much... forgets someone soon... bcoz heart will not like everyone. but liked ones will be remembered everytime... bslvyl
its on in engalnd! but telly has decided it won't let me watch it and mia and elliot were kissing! damn it!
id onluy matters when getting on from offcampus
have * good weekend.
ok i'm coming home now.
uhhhhrmm isnt having tb test bad when youre sick
customer service annoncement. you have a new years delivery waiting for you. please call 07046744435 now to arrange delivery
really do hope the work doesnt get stressful. have a gr8 day.
valentines day special! win over ??1000 in our quiz and take your partner on the trip of a lifetime! send go to 83600 now. 150p/msg rcvd. custcare:08718720201.
i realise you are a busy guy and i'm trying not to be a bother. i have to get some exams outta the way and then try the cars. do have a gr8 day
please attend the phone:)
okey dokey, i???ll be over in a bit just sorting some stuff out.
okie...
aight no rush, i'll ask jay
my sister cleared two round in birla soft yesterday.
no! but we found a diff farm shop to buy some cheese. on way back now, can i call in?
eerie nokia tones 4u, rply tone title to 8007 eg tone dracula to 8007 titles: ghost, addamsfa, munsters, exorcist, twilight www.getzed.co.uk pobox36504w45wq 150p
i'm in school now n i'll be in da lab doing some stuff give me a call when ?_ r done.
ok pa. nothing problem:-)
yup ok...
wait 2 min..stand at bus stop
morning only i can ok.
think you sent the text to the home phone. that cant display texts. if you still want to send it his number is
u will switch your fone on dammit!!
i meant as an apology from me for texting you to get me drugs at  &lt;#&gt; at night
best line said in love: . \i will wait till the day i can forget u or the day u realize that u cannot forget me.\"... gn"
you unbelievable faglord
lmao ok i wont be needing u to do my hair anymore.
cmon babe, make me horny, *turn* me on! txt me your fantasy now babe -) im hot, sticky and need you now. all replies cost ??1.50. 2 cancel send stop
asked 3mobile if 0870 chatlines inclu in free mins. india cust servs sed yes. l8er got mega bill. 3 dont giv a shit. bailiff due in days. i o ??250 3 want ??800
aiyo cos i sms ?_ then ?_ neva reply so i wait 4 ?_ to reply lar. i tot ?_ havent finish ur lab wat.
i can??t wait for cornwall. hope tonight isn??t too bad as well but it??s rock night shite. anyway i??m going for a kip now have a good night. speak to you soon.
i wake up long ago already... dunno, what other thing?
i dont. can you send it to me. plus how's mode.
midnight at the earliest
alright, i'll head out in a few minutes, text me where to meet you
she.s find. i sent you an offline message to know how anjola's now.
i think i am disturbing her da
for my family happiness..
thank u!
aight, text me tonight and we'll see what's up
u really pig leh sleep so much. my dad wake me up at 10 smth 2 eat lunch today.
when you just put in the + sign, choose my number and the pin will show. right?
<forwarded from 448712404000>please call 08712404000 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you.
yo sorry was in the shower sup
haha yeah, 2 oz is kind of a shitload
feb  &lt;#&gt;  is \i love u\" day. send dis to all ur \"valued frnds\" evn me. if 3 comes back u'll gt married d person u luv! if u ignore dis u will lose ur luv 4 evr"
i don't quite know what to do. i still can't get hold of anyone. i cud pick you up bout 7.30pm and we can see if they're in the pub?
were trying to find a chinese food place around here
i'm e person who's doing e sms survey...
83039 62735=??450 uk break accommodationvouchers terms & conditions apply. 2 claim you mustprovide your claim number which is 15541
probably gonna swing by in a wee bit
u reach orchard already? u wan 2 go buy tickets first?
you got job in wipro:)you will get every thing in life in 2 or 3 years.
freemsg>fav xmas tones!reply real
hey sathya till now we dint meet not even a single time then how can i saw the situation sathya.
was it something u ate?
no. i dont want to hear anything
he will, you guys close?
haha... really oh no... how? then will they deduct your lesson tmr?
sorry i missed your call. can you please call back.
ok ill tell the company
squeeeeeze!! this is christmas hug.. if u lik my frndshp den hug me back.. if u get 3 u r cute:) 6 u r luvd:* 9 u r so lucky;) none? people hate u:
oic... then better quickly go bathe n settle down...
daddy will take good care of you :)
yup, no need. i'll jus wait 4 e rain 2 stop.
u were outbid by simonwatson5120 on the shinco dvd plyr. 2 bid again, visit sms. ac/smsrewards 2 end bid notifications, reply end out
are you in town? this is v. important
can you pls send me that company name. in saibaba colany
aight should i just plan to come up later tonight?
last chance 2 claim ur ??150 worth of discount vouchers-text yes to 85023 now!savamob-member offers mobile t cs 08717898035. ??3.00 sub. 16 . remove txt x or stop
ok lor thanx... ?? in school?
u should have made an appointment
yes:)sura in sun tv.:)lol.
not yet. just i'd like to keep in touch and it will be the easiest way to do that from barcelona. by the way how ru and how is the house?
do you like shaking your booty on the dance floor?
xmas & new years eve tickets are now on sale from the club, during the day from 10am till 8pm, and on thurs, fri & sat night this week. they're selling fast!
awesome, be there in a minute
congrats! 1 year special cinema pass for 2 is yours. call 09061209465 now! c suprman v, matrix3, starwars3, etc all 4 free! bx420-ip4-5we. 150pm. dont miss out!
ur cash-balance is currently 500 pounds - to maximize ur cash-in now send cash to 86688 only 150p/msg. cc: 08718720201 po box 114/14 tcr/w1
you're not sure that i'm not trying to make xavier smoke because i don't want to smoke after being told i smoke too much?
got what it takes 2 take part in the wrc rally in oz? u can with lucozade energy! text rally le to 61200 (25p), see packs or lucozade.co.uk/wrc & itcould be u!
who u talking about?
i dont have that much image in class.
one of best dialogue in cute reltnship..!! \wen i die
i said its okay. sorry
did u see what i posted on your facebook?
so gd got free ice cream... i oso wan...
you can donate ??2.50 to unicef's asian tsunami disaster support fund by texting donate to 864233. ??2.50 will be added to your next bill
ya ok, vikky vl c witin  &lt;#&gt; mins and il reply u..
we left already we at orchard now.
rofl betta invest in some  anti aging products
sac needs to carry on:)
i'm working technical support :)voice process.
do you hide anythiing or keeping distance from me
i'm serious. you are in the money base
thats cool. where should i cum? on you or in you? :)
you will go to walmart. i.ll stay.
sorry, i'll call later
a gram usually runs like  &lt;#&gt; , a half eighth is smarter though and gets you almost a whole second gram for  &lt;#&gt;
dear good morning now only i am up
urgh, coach hot, smells of chip fat! thanks again, especially for the duvet (not a predictive text word).
happy birthday... may u find ur prince charming soon n dun work too hard...
convey my regards to him
excellent! are you ready to moan and scream in ecstasy?
total disappointment, when i texted you was the craziest shit got :(
hanks lotsly!
i emailed yifeng my part oredi.. can ?_ get it fr him..
yep then is fine 7.30 or 8.30 for ice age.
lol, oh you got a friend for the dog ?
don't fret. i'll buy the ovulation test strips and send them to you. you wont get them til like march. can you send me your postal address.u'll be alright.okay.
cool, i'll text you in a few
can ?_ all decide faster cos my sis going home liao..
urgent! we are trying to contact u. todays draw shows that you have won a ??800 prize guaranteed. call 09050001808 from land line. claim m95. valid12hrs only
urgent! please call 09061743810 from landline. your abta complimentary 4* tenerife holiday or #5000 cash await collection sae t&cs box 326 cw25wx 150 ppm
want to funk up ur fone with a weekly new tone reply tones2u 2 this text. www.ringtones.co.uk, the original n best. tones 3gbp network operator rates apply
call to the number which is available in appointment. and ask to connect the call to waheed fathima.
do 1 thing! change that sentence into: \because i want 2 concentrate in my educational career im leaving here..\""
probably money worries. things are coming due and i have several outstanding invoices for work i did two and three months ago.
gsoh? good with spam the ladies?u could b a male gigolo? 2 join the uk's fastest growing mens club reply oncall. mjzgroup. 08714342399.2stop reply stop. msg@??1.50rcvd
you still coming tonight?
house-maid is the murderer, coz the man was murdered on  &lt;#&gt; th january.. as public holiday all govt.instituitions are closed,including post office..understand?
sorry light turned green, i meant another friend wanted  &lt;#&gt;  worth but he may not be around
oh god. i'm gonna google nearby cliffs now.
why you dint come with us.
no need to ke qi... ?? too bored izzit y suddenly thk of this...
any pain on urination any thing else?
thankyou so much for the call. i appreciate your care.
sure, i'll see if i can come by in a bit
if he started searching he will get job in few days.he have great potential and talent.
ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
lol no. u can trust me.
i just lov this line: \hurt me with the truth i wil tolerat.bcs ur my someone..... but never comfort me with a lie\" gud ni8 and sweet dreams"
new tones this week include: 1)mcfly-all ab.., 2) sara jorge-shock.. 3) will smith-switch.. to order follow instructions on next message
winner!! as a valued network customer you have been selected to receivea ??900 prize reward! to claim call 09061701461. claim code kl341. valid 12 hours only.
you've always been the brainy one.
how are you doing? hope you've settled in for the new school year. just wishin you a gr8 day
ha... then we must walk to everywhere... cannot take tram. my cousin said can walk to vic market from our hotel
i cant pick the phone right now. pls send a message
you are a winner you have been specially selected to receive ??1000 cash or a ??2000 award. speak to a live operator to claim call 087123002209am-7pm. cost 10p
yo! howz u? girls never rang after india. l
nope, i'm still in the market
if i get there before you after your ten billion calls and texts so help me god
how's it feel? mr. your not my real valentine just my yo valentine even tho u hardly play!!
i came hostel. i m going to sleep. plz call me up before class. hrishi.
so ?_ pay first lar... then when is da stock comin...
call me when you/carlos is/are here, my phone's vibrate is acting up and i might not hear texts
tone club: your subs has now expired 2 re-sub reply monoc 4 monos or polyc 4 polys 1 weekly @ 150p per week txt stop 2 stop this msg free stream 0871212025016
wot about on wed nite i am 3 then but only til 9!
twinks, bears, scallies, skins and jocks are calling now. don't miss the weekend's fun. call 08712466669 at 10p/min. 2 stop texts call 08712460324(nat rate)
sorry, i'll call later
you can stop further club tones by replying \stop mix\" see my-tone.com/enjoy. html for terms. club tones cost gbp4.50/week. mfl
send to someone else :-)
i am in office:)whats the matter..msg me now.i will call you at break:).
da my birthdate in certificate is in april but real date is today. but dont publish it. i shall give you a special treat if you keep the secret. any way thanks for the wishes
do you think i can move  &lt;#&gt;  in a week
eh sorry leh... i din c ur msg. not sad already lar. me watching tv now. u still in office?
there're some people by mu, i'm at the table by lambda
i'm okay. chasing the dream. what's good. what are you doing next.
thanks for your ringtone order, reference number x29. your mobile will be charged 4.50. should your tone not arrive please call customer services 09065989180
private! your 2003 account statement for 07808247860 shows 800 un-redeemed s. i. m. points. call 08719899229 identifier code: 40411 expires 06/11/04
today is sorry day.! if ever i was angry with you, if ever i misbehaved or hurt you? plz plz just slap urself bcoz, its ur fault, i'm basically good
r u in this continent?
for many things its an antibiotic and it can be used for chest abdomen and gynae infections even bone infections.
free game. get rayman golf 4 free from the o2 games arcade. 1st get ur games settings. reply post, then save & activ8. press 0 key for arcade. termsapply
have you seen who's back at holby?!
all sounds good. fingers . makes it difficult to type
rightio. 11.48 it is then. well arent we all up bright and early this morning.
check mail.i have mailed varma and kept copy to you regarding membership.take care.insha allah.
i'm still looking for a car to buy. and have not gone 4the driving test yet.
gokila is talking with you aha:)
hi baby im sat on the bloody bus at the mo and i wont be home until about 7:30 wanna do somethin later? call me later ortxt back jess xx
edison has rightly said, \a fool can ask more questions than a wise man can answer\" now you know why all of us are speechless during viva.. gm ge gnt:-)"
guy, no flash me now. if you go call me, call me. how madam. take care oh.
i am great princess! what are you thinking about me? :)
you know there is. i shall speak to you in  &lt;#&gt;  minutes then
k.k..how is your sister kids?
ard 530 like dat lor. we juz meet in mrt station then ?_ dun haf to come out.
s:-)if we have one good partnership going we will take lead:)
arun can u transfr me d amt
why de. you looking good only:-)..
are you this much buzy
is toshiba portege m100 gd?
gd luck 4 ur exams :-)
how dare you change my ring
how about clothes, jewelry, and trips?
sorry,in meeting i'll call later
pls speak to that customer machan.
aight well keep me informed
oh thats late! well have a good night and i will give u a call tomorrow. iam now going to go to sleep night night
we can make a baby in yo tho
lara said she can loan me  &lt;#&gt; .
have you heard from this week?
what time do u get out?
s:)but he had some luck.2 catches put down:)
we not watching movie already. xy wants 2 shop so i'm shopping w her now.
if you don't, your prize will go to another customer. t&c at www.t-c.biz 18+ 150p/min polo ltd suite 373 london w1j 6hl please call back if busy
pls give her prometazine syrup. 5mls then  &lt;#&gt; mins later feed.
hi mate its rv did u hav a nice hol just a message 3 say hello coz haven??t sent u 1 in ages started driving so stay off roads!rvx
are you driving or training?
there are some nice pubs near here or there is frankie n bennys near the warner cinema?
near kalainar tv office.thenampet
thanks for your ringtone order, ref number k718. your mobile will be charged ??4.50. should your tone not arrive please call customer services on 09065069120
eh ur laptop got no stock lei... he say mon muz come again to take a look c got a not...
i'm in office now . i will call you  &lt;#&gt;  min:)
give one miss from that number please
here is your discount code rp176781. to stop further messages reply stop. www.regalportfolio.co.uk. customer services 08717205546
i know dat feelin had it with pete! wuld get with em , nuther place nuther time mayb?
i guess you could be as good an excuse as any, lol.
sorry, i can't help you on this.
no prob. i will send to your email.
aight, call me once you're close
hey mr  and i are going to the sea view and having a couple of gays i mean games! give me a bell when ya finish
yo we are watching a movie on netflix
how dare you stupid. i wont tell anything to you. hear after i wont talk to you:-.
haiyoh... maybe your hamster was jealous of million
i'm putting it on now. it should be ready for  &lt;time&gt;
jos ask if u wana meet up?
i dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
lil fever:) now fine:)
ok i go change also...
there's no point hangin on to mr not right if he's not makin u happy
i'm sorry. i've joined the league of people that dont keep in touch. you mean a great deal to me. you have been a friend at all times even at great personal cost. do have a great week.|
yes princess! i want to make you happy...
i dun believe u. i thk u told him.
aiyar u so poor thing... i give u my support k... jia you! i'll think of u...
if u dun drive then how i go 2 sch.
or better still can you catch her and let ask her if she can sell  &lt;#&gt;  for me.
hmm well, night night
gudnite....tc...practice going on
, ow u dey.i paid 60,400thousad.i told  u would call .
prabha..i'm soryda..realy..frm heart i'm sory
compliments to you. was away from the system. how your side.
all the lastest from stereophonics, marley, dizzee racal, libertines and the strokes! win nookii games with flirt!! click themob wap bookmark or text wap to 82468
hi, this is mandy sullivan calling from hotmix fm...you are chosen to receive ??5000.00 in our easter prize draw.....please telephone 09041940223 to claim before 29/03/05 or your prize will be transferred to someone else....
100 dating service cal;l 09064012103 box334sk38ch
chinatown got porridge, claypot rice, yam cake, fishhead beehoon... either we eat cheap den go cafe n tok or go nydc or somethin...
not able to do anything.
alright if you're sure, let me know when you're leaving
love you aathi..love u lot..
if you can make it any time tonight or whenever you can it's cool, just text me whenever you're around
or i go home first lar ?_ wait 4 me lor.. i put down my stuff first..
haha... they cant what... at the most tmr forfeit... haha so how?
good evening sir, hope you are having a nice day. i wanted to bring it to your notice that i have been late in paying rent for the past few months and have had to pay a $ &lt;#&gt;  charge. i felt it would be inconsiderate of me to nag about something you give at great cost to yourself and that's why i didnt speak up. i however am in a recession and wont be able to pay the charge this month hence my askin well ahead of month's end. can you please help. thank you for everything.
free entry in 2 a weekly comp for a chance to win an ipod. txt pod to 80182 to get entry (std txt rate) t&c's apply 08452810073 for details 18+
my mobile number.pls sms ur mail id.convey regards to achan,amma.rakhesh.qatar
with my sis lor... we juz watched italian job.
now? i'm going out 4 dinner soon..
thank u. it better work out cause i will feel used otherwise
havent mus ask if u can 1st wat. of meet 4 lunch den u n him meet can already lor. or u wan 2 go ask da ge 1st then confirm w me asap?
hi! this is roger from cl. how are you?
a boy was late 2 home. his father: \power of frndship\""
guess which pub im in? im as happy as a pig in clover or whatever the saying is!
y lei?
lol they were mad at first but then they woke up and gave in.
what you doing?how are you?
sorry * was at the grocers.
night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. may you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. gud mrng
i jus hope its true that  missin me cos i'm really missin him! you haven't done anything to feel guilty about, yet.
oh... icic... k lor, den meet other day...
we got a divorce. lol. she.s here
yunny i'm walking in citylink now ?_ faster come down... me very hungry...
great princess! i love giving and receiving oral. doggy style is my fave position. how about you? i enjoy making love  &lt;#&gt;  times per night :)
yes but i don't care cause i know its there!
just send a text. we'll skype later.
hi im having the most relaxing time ever! we have to get up at 7am every day! was the party good the other night? i get home tomorrow at 5ish.
do you work all this week ?
sunshine quiz wkly q! win a top sony dvd player if u know which country liverpool played in mid week? txt ansr to 82277. ??1.50 sp:tyrone
by the way, i've put a skip right outside the front of the house so you can see which house it is. just pull up before it.
can come my room but cannot come my house cos my house still messy... haha...
hey you gave them your photo when you registered for driving ah? tmr wanna meet at yck?
ok lor... but buy wat?
stupid.its not possible
not yet had..ya sapna aunty manege y'day hogidhe..chinnu full weak and swalpa black agidhane..
2mro i am not coming to gym machan. goodnight.
if you're still up, maybe leave the credit card so i can get gas when i get back like he told me to
please give it 2  or i will pick it up on tuesday evening about 8 if that is ok.
you have won a nokia 7250i. this is what you get when you win our free auction. to take part send nokia to 86021 now. hg/suite342/2lands row/w1jhl 16+
lol that's different. i don't go trying to find every real life photo you ever took.
send a logo 2 ur lover - 2 names joined by a heart. txt love name1 name2 mobno eg love adam eve 07123456789 to 87077 yahoo! pobox36504w45wq txtno 4 no ads 150p.
depends on individual lor e hair dresser say pretty but my parents say look gong. u kaypoh.. i also dunno wat she collecting.
waiting in e car 4 my mum lor. u leh? reach home already?
can you tell shola to please go to college of medicine and visit the academic department, tell the academic secretary what the current situation is and ask if she can transfer there. she should ask someone to check sagamu for the same thing and lautech. its vital she completes her medical education in nigeria. its less expensive much less expensive. unless she will be getting citizen rates in new zealand.
you are awarded a sipix digital camera! call 09061221061 from landline. delivery within 28days. t cs box177. m221bp. 2yr warranty. 150ppm. 16 . p p??3.99
great new offer - double mins & double txt on best orange tariffs and get latest camera phones 4 free! call mobileupd8 free on 08000839402 now! or 2stoptxt t&cs
today am going to college so am not able to atten the class.
havent.
bangbabes ur order is on the way. u should receive a service msg 2 download ur content. if u do not, goto wap. bangb. tv on ur mobile internet/service menu
sac will score big hundred.he is set batsman:-)
were gonna go get some tacos
not directly behind... abt 4 rows behind ?_...
sunshine quiz wkly q! win a top sony dvd player if u know which country the algarve is in? txt ansr to 82277. ??1.50 sp:tyrone
you best watch what you say cause i get drunk as a motherfucker
i thk ?_ gotta go home by urself. cos i'll b going out shopping 4 my frens present.
its a great day. do have yourself a beautiful one.
okay, good, no problem, and thanx!
i need you to be in my strong arms...
show ur colours! euro 2004 2-4-1 offer! get an england flag & 3lions tone on ur phone! click on the following service message for info!
\keep ur problems in ur heart
what today-sunday..sunday is holiday..so no work..
got ur mail dileep.thank you so muchand look forward to lots of support...very less contacts here,remember one venugopal you mentioned.tomorrow if not late,i shall try to come up till there.goodnight dear.
hows the street where the end of library walk is?
your account has been refilled successfully by inr  &lt;decimal&gt; . your keralacircle prepaid account balance is rs  &lt;decimal&gt; . your transaction id is kr &lt;#&gt; .
hey cutie. how goes it? here in wales its kinda ok. there is like hills and shit but i still avent killed myself.
i dont know ask to my brother. nothing problem some thing that. just i told .
no chikku nt yet.. ya i'm free
haha... dont be angry with yourself... take it as a practice for the real thing. =)
same to u...
i am taking you for italian food. how about a pretty dress with no panties? :)
i'm back &amp; we're packing the car now, i'll let you know if there's room
i havent lei.. next mon can?
yun ah.now ?_ wkg where?btw if ?_ go nus sc. ?? wana specialise in wad?
watever relation u built up in dis world only thing which remains atlast iz lonlines with lotz n lot memories! feeling..
hey babe, my friend had to cancel, still up for a visit ?
how much u trying to get?
are you the cutest girl in the world or what
you made my day. do have a great day too.
dunno da next show aft 6 is 850. toa payoh got 650.
do you want a new nokia 3510i colour phone delivered tomorrow? with 200 free minutes to any mobile + 100 free text + free camcorder reply or call 8000930705
this single single answers are we fighting? plus i said am broke and you didnt reply
i can't, i don't have her number!
can you do a mag meeting this avo at some point?
urgent!! your 4* costa del sol holiday or ??5000 await collection. call 09050090044 now toclaim. sae, tc s, pobox334, stockport, sk38xh, cost??1.50/pm, max10mins
only 2% students solved this cat question in 'xam... 5+3+2= &lt;#&gt;  9+2+4= &lt;#&gt;  8+6+3= &lt;#&gt;  then 7+2+5=????? tell me the answer if u r brilliant...1thing.i got d answr.
as one of our registered subscribers u can enter the draw 4 a 100 g.b. gift voucher by replying with enter. to unsubscribe text stop
when you guys planning on coming over?
ha! i wouldn't say that i just didn't read anything into way u seemed. i don't like 2 be judgemental....i save that for fridays in the pub!
your right! i'll make the appointment right now.
no message..no responce..what happend?
mode men or have you left.
did u got that persons story
k, text me when you're on the way
friendship is not a game to play, it is not a word to say, it doesn\'t start on march and ends on may, it is tomorrow, yesterday, today and e
are you coming to day for class.
nothing, smsing u n xy lor. sorry lor da guys neva c u in person but they sort of know u lor. so u wan 2 meet them xy ask me 2 bring u along 4 our next meeting.
ding me on ya break fassyole! blacko from londn
thanks, i'll keep that in mind
i am late. i will be there at
i am taking half day leave bec i am not well
hmv bonus special 500 pounds of genuine hmv vouchers to be won. just answer 4 easy questions. play now! send hmv to 86688 more info:www.100percent-real.com
reverse is cheating. that is not mathematics.
also hi wesley how've you been
thanks chikku..:-) gud nyt:-*
i was just callin to say hi. take care bruv!
i have gone into get info bt dont know what to do
i think you should go the honesty road. call the bank tomorrow. its the tough decisions that make us great people.
as a valued customer, i am pleased to advise you that following recent review of your mob no. you are awarded with a ??1500 bonus prize, call 09066368470
piggy, r u awake? i bet u're still sleeping. i'm going 4 lunch now...
ever green quote ever told by jerry in cartoon \a person who irritates u always is the one who loves u vry much but fails to express it...!..!! :-) :-) gud nyt"
mum ask ?_ to buy food home...
would me smoking you out help us work through this difficult time
your board is working fine. the issue of overheating is also reslove. but still software inst is pending. i will come around 8'o clock.
hi kindly give us back our documents which we submitted for loan from stapati
where to get those?
i'm in a meeting, call me later at
good stuff, will do.
this is wishing you a great day. moji told me about your offer and as always i was speechless. you offer so easily to go to great lengths on my behalf and its stunning. my exam is next friday. after that i will keep in touch more. sorry.
lol ok ill try to send. be warned sprint is dead slow. you'll prolly get it tomorrow
thanks for your ringtone order, reference number x49.your mobile will be charged 4.50. should your tone not arrive please call customer services 09065989182
aight, i'll text you when i'm back
free2day sexy st george's day pic of jordan!txt pic to 89080 dont miss out, then every wk a saucy celeb!4 more pics c pocketbabe.co.uk 0870241182716 ??3/wk
any chance you might have had with me evaporated as soon as you violated my privacy by stealing my phone number from your employer's paperwork. not cool at all. please do not contact me again or i will report you to your supervisor.
looks like u wil b getting a headstart im leaving here bout 2.30ish but if u r desperate for my company i could head in earlier-we were goin to meet in rummer.
mind blastin.. no more tsunamis will occur from now on.. rajnikant stopped swimming in indian ocean..:-d
i'm not driving... raining! then i'll get caught at e mrt station lor.
can you please ask macho what his price range is, does he want something new or used plus it he only interfued in the blackberry bold  &lt;#&gt;  or any bb
i can't describe how lucky you are that i'm actually awake by noon
book which lesson? then you msg me... i will call up after work or sth... i'm going to get specs. my membership is px3748
i'm in office now da:)where are you?
loan for any purpose ??500 - ??75,000. homeowners + tenants welcome. have you been previously refused? we can still help. call free 0800 1956669 or text back 'help'
hi darlin ive just got back and i had a really nice night and thanks so much for the lift see u tomorrow xxx
sun cant come to earth but send luv as rays. cloud cant come to river but send luv as rain. i cant come to meet u, but can send my care as msg to u. gud evng
what can i do? might accidant tookplace between somewhere ghodbandar rd. traffic moves slovely. so plz slip &amp; don't worry.
sorry i now then c ur msg... yar lor so poor thing... but only 4 one night... tmr u'll have a brand new room 2 sleep in...
life alle mone,eppolum oru pole allalo
i'll probably be by tomorrow (or even later tonight if something's going on)
cool, i'll text you when i'm on the way
i will cal you sir. in meeting
urgent! your mobile no 07808726822 was awarded a ??2,000 bonus caller prize on 02/09/03! this is our 2nd attempt to contact you! call 0871-872-9758 box95qu
i've reached already.
hi frnd, which is best way to avoid missunderstding wit our beloved one's?
hmv bonus special 500 pounds of genuine hmv vouchers to be won. just answer 4 easy questions. play now! send hmv to 86688 more info:www.100percent-real.com
i need to come home and give you some good lovin...
s..antha num corrct dane
i just really need shit before tomorrow and i know you won't be awake before like 6
what's ur pin?
yeah i don't see why not
update your face book status frequently :)
our mobile number has won ??5000, to claim calls us back or ring the claims hot line on 09050005321.
wanna do some art?! :d
hey i will be really pretty late... you want to go for the lesson first? i will join you. i'm only reaching tp mrt
dont search love, let love find u. thats why its called falling in love, bcoz u dont force yourself, u just fall and u know there is smeone to hold u... bslvyl
lol ok your forgiven :)
this is the 2nd time we have tried 2 contact u. u have won the 750 pound prize. 2 claim is easy, call 08712101358 now! only 10p per min. bt-national-rate
you are a very very very very bad girl. or lady.
\i;m reaching in another 2 stops.\""
u wake up already? wat u doing? u picking us up later rite? i'm taking sq825, reaching ard 7 smth 8 like dat. u can check e arrival time. c ya soon...
join the uk's horniest dogging service and u can have sex 2nite!. just sign up and follow the instructions. txt entry to 69888 now! nyt.ec2a.3lp.msg@150p
i'm leaving my house now...
that's a shame! maybe cld meet for few hrs tomo?
yup i've finished c ?_ there...
you know, wot people wear. t shirts, jumpers, hat, belt, is all we know. we r at cribbs
your opinion about me? 1. over 2. jada 3. kusruthi 4. lovable 5. silent 6. spl character 7. not matured 8. stylish 9. simple pls reply..
welp apparently he retired
dear where you will be when i reach there
oh, i will get paid. the most outstanding one is for a commercial i did for hasbro...in august! they made us jump through so many hoops to get paid. still not.
me sef dey laugh you. meanwhile how's my darling anjie!
nah it's straight, if you can just bring bud or drinks or something that's actually a little more useful than straight cash
urgent! call 09061749602 from landline. your complimentary 4* tenerife holiday or ??10,000 cash await collection sae t&cs box 528 hp20 1yf 150ppm 18+
reply with your name and address and you will receive by post a weeks completely free accommodation at various global locations www.phb1.com ph:08700435505150p
lmao!nice 1
mmm so yummy babe ... nice jolt to the suzy
i'll reach in ard 20 mins ok...
hi babe im at home now wanna do something? xx
a lot of this sickness thing going round. take it easy. hope u feel better soon. lol
latest nokia mobile or ipod mp3 player +??400 proze guaranteed! reply with: win to 83355 now! norcorp ltd.??1,50/mtmsgrcvd18+
dear sir,salam alaikkum.pride and pleasure meeting you today at the tea shop.we are pleased to send you our contact number at qatar.rakhesh an indian.pls save our number.respectful regards.
xxxmobilemovieclub: to use your credit, click the wap link in the next txt message or click here>> http://wap. xxxmobilemovieclub.com?n=qjkgighjjgcbl
easy ah?sen got selected means its good..
maybe?! say hi to  and find out if  got his card. great escape or wetherspoons?
sir, good morning. hope you had a good weekend. i called to let you know that i was able to raise  &lt;#&gt;  from my dad. he however said he would make the rest available by mid feb. this amount is still quite short and i was hoping you would help. do have a good day. abiola
the house is on the water with a dock, a boat rolled up with a newscaster who dabbles in jazz flute behind the wheel
mmm ... fuck .... merry christmas to me
i want some cock! my hubby's away, i need a real man 2 satisfy me. txt wife to 89938 for no strings action. (txt stop 2 end, txt rec ??1.50ea. otbox 731 la1 7ws. )
ok
k so am i, how much for an 8th? fifty?
wot student discount can u get on books?
you have 1 new voicemail. please call 08719181503
painful words- \i thought being happy was the most toughest thing on earth... but
say this slowly.? god,i love you &amp; i need you,clean my heart with your blood.send this to ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it...
i was at bugis juz now wat... but now i'm walking home oredi... ?? so late then reply... i oso saw a top dat i like but din buy... where r ?_ now?
goodmorning, today i am late for 1hr.
sad story of a man - last week was my b'day. my wife did'nt wish me. my parents forgot n so did my kids . i went to work. even my colleagues did not wish.
ya ok, then had dinner?
my painful personal thought- \i always try to keep everybody happy all the time. but nobody recognises me when i am alone\""
moji just informed me that you saved our lives. thanks.
lol wtf random. btw is that your lunch break
the hair cream has not been shipped.
he dint tell anything. he is angry on me that why you told to abi.
whats that coming over the hill..... is it a monster! hope you have a great day. things r going fine here, busy though!
watching tv now. i got new job :)
aight text me when you're back at mu and i'll swing by, need somebody to get the door for me
oh oh... wasted... den muz chiong on sat n sun liao...
its normally hot mail. com you see!
that one week leave i put know that time. why.
thanks for your ringtone order, reference t91. you will be charged gbp 4 per week. you can unsubscribe at anytime by calling customer services on 09057039994
mobile club: choose any of the top quality items for your mobile. 7cfca1a
so i asked how's anthony. dad. and your bf
how are you doing. how's the queen. are you going for the royal wedding
probably gonna be here for a while, see you later tonight &lt;)
tomorrow i am not going to theatre. . . so i can come wherever u call me. . . tell me where and when to come tomorrow
aft i finish my lunch then i go str down lor. ard 3 smth lor. u finish ur lunch already?
she ran off with a younger man. we will make pretty babies together :)
as in i want custom officer discount oh.
pls tell nelson that the bb's are no longer comin. the money i was expecting aint coming
i didnt get ur full msg..sometext is missing, send it again
dear, will call tmorrow.pls accomodate.
correct. so how was work today
wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... have nice day da.
private! your 2003 account statement for 07753741225 shows 800 un-redeemed s. i. m. points. call 08715203677 identifier code: 42478 expires 24/10/04
god's love has no limit. god's grace has no measure. god's power has no boundaries. may u have god's endless blessings always in ur life...!! gud ni8
yeah that's what i thought, lemme know if anything's goin on later
thank you so much. when we skyped wit kz and sura, we didnt get the pleasure of your company. hope you are good. we've given you ultimatum oh! we are countin down to aburo. enjoy! this is the message i sent days ago
someone u know has asked our dating service 2 contact you! cant guess who? call 09058095107 now all will be revealed. pobox 7, s3xy 150p
anytime...
cool. we will have fun practicing making babies!
?? still attending da talks?
when are you guys leaving?
watch lor. i saw a few swatch one i thk quite ok. ard 116 but i need 2nd opinion leh...
good morning, my boytoy! how's those yummy lips ? where's my sexy buns now ? what do you do ? do you think of me ? do you crave me ? do you need me ?
the xmas story is peace.. the xmas msg is love.. the xmas miracle is jesus.. hav a blessed month ahead &amp; wish u merry xmas...
gr8 new service - live sex video chat on your mob - see the sexiest dirtiest girls live on ur phone - 4 details text horny to 89070 to cancel send stop to 89070
maybe if you woke up before fucking 3 this wouldn't be a problem.
08714712388 between 10am-7pm cost 10p
on the way to office da..
its cool but tyler had to take off so we're gonna buy for him and drop it off at his place later tonight. our total order is a quarter, you got enough?
i dnt wnt to tlk wid u
spook up your mob with a halloween collection of a logo & pic message plus a free eerie tone, txt card spook to 8007 zed 08701417012150p per logo/pic
in which place do you want da.
r we still meeting 4 dinner tonight?
so its to be poking man everyday that they teach you in canada abi! how are you. just saying hi.
ringtoneking 84484
it does it on its own. most of the time it fixes my spelling. but sometimes it gets a completely diff word. go figure
yeah, we got one lined up for us
i've not called you in a while. this is hoping it was l8r malaria and that you know that we miss you guys. i miss bani big, so pls give her my love especially. have a great day.
leave it. u will always be ignorant.
guess what! somebody you know secretly fancies you! wanna find out who it is? give us a call on 09065394514 from landline datebox1282essexcm61xn 150p/min 18
i'm an actor. when i work, i work in the evening and sleep late. since i'm unemployed at the moment, i always sleep late. when you're unemployed, every day is saturday.
so is th gower mate which is where i am!?! how r u man? all is good in wales ill b back ??morrow. c u this wk? who was the msg 4? ?? random!
why didn't u call on your lunch?
was just about to ask. will keep this one. maybe that's why you didn't get all the messages we sent you on glo
\gran onlyfound out afew days ago.cusoon honi\""
lol yeah at this point i guess not
oh god i am happy to see your message after 3 days
good morning my dear........... have a great &amp; successful day.
don know:)this week i'm going to tirunelvai da.
miss ya, need ya, want ya, love ya.
i am late,so call you tomorrow morning.take care sweet dreams....u and me...ummifying...bye.
s....s...india going to draw the series after many years in south african soil..
oh god..taken the teeth?is it paining
ok.
ur balance is now ??600. next question: complete the landmark, big, a. bob, b. barry or c. ben ?. text a, b or c to 83738. good luck!
wat time ?_ wan today?
am i that much dirty fellow?
aah! a cuddle would be lush! i'd need lots of tea and soup before any kind of fumbling!
it means u could not keep ur words.
dhoni have luck to win some big title.so we will win:)
what time you coming down later?
i'm sick !! i'm needy !! i want you !! *pouts* *stomps feet* where are you ?! *pouts* *stomps feet* i want my slave !! i want him now !!
i call you later, don't have network. if urgnt, sms me.
guai... ?? shd haf seen him when he's naughty... ?? so free today? can go jogging...
thanx a lot 4 ur help!
my computer just fried the only essential part we don't keep spares of because my fucking idiot roommates looovvve leaving the thing running on full  &lt;#&gt; /7
i'm at work. please call
yep. i do like the pink furniture tho.
8 at the latest, g's still there if you can scrounge up some ammo and want to give the new ak a try
as per your request 'melle melle (oru minnaminunginte nurungu vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all callers. press *9 to copy your friends callertune
hey, i missed you tm of last night as my phone was on the charge ... *smiles* ... i am meeting a friend shortly
i'll let you know when it kicks in
talk sexy!! make new friends or fall in love in the worlds most discreet text dating service. just text vip to 83110 and see who you could meet.
sorry da thangam, very very sorry i am held up with prasad.
no you'll just get a headache trying to figure it out. u can trust me to do the math. i promise. o:-)
i think we're going to finn's now, come
it so happens that there r 2waxsto do wat you want. she can come and ill get her medical insurance. and she'll be able to deliver and have basic care. i'm currently shopping for the right medical insurance for her. so just give me til friday morning. thats when i.ll see the major person that can guide me to the right insurance.
sir, you will receive the account no another 1hr time. sorry for the delay.
k..then come wenever u lik to come and also tel vikky to come by getting free time..:-)
was gr8 to see that message. so when r u leaving? congrats dear. what school and wat r ur plans.
as in missionary hook up, doggy hook up, standing...|
i forgot 2 ask ?_ all smth.. there's a card on da present lei... how? ?? all want 2 write smth or sign on it?
lol ... have you made plans for new years?
1st wk free! gr8 tones str8 2 u each wk. txt nokia on to 8007 for classic nokia tones or hit on to 8007 for polys. nokia/150p poly/200p 16+
then she dun believe wat?
u still havent got urself a jacket ah?
oh did you charge camera
wat r u doing?
your pussy is perfect!
or i guess  &lt;#&gt;  min
check audrey's status right now
kate jackson rec center before 7ish, right?
great! i have to run now so ttyl!
okie...
download as many ringtones as u like no restrictions, 1000s 2 choose. u can even send 2 yr buddys. txt sir to 80082 ??3
if you r @ home then come down within 5 min
just buy a pizza. meat lovers or supreme. u get to pick.
urgent! we are trying to contact u. todays draw shows that you have won a ??800 prize guaranteed. call 09050003091 from land line. claim c52. valid 12hrs only
dunno lei... i thk mum lazy to go out... i neva ask her yet...
babe, i'm answering you, can't you see me ? maybe you'd better reboot ym ... i got the photo ... it's great !
hey what are you doing. y no reply pa..
now get step 2 outta the way. congrats again.
u guys never invite me anywhere :(
sms auction you have won a nokia 7250i. this is what you get when you win our free auction. to take part send nokia to 86021 now. hg/suite342/2lands row/w1jhl 16+
i'm in chennai velachery:)
so how's scotland. hope you are not over showing your jjc tendencies. take care. live the dream
wat makes some people dearer is not just de happiness dat u feel when u meet them but de pain u feel when u miss dem!!!
how come?
yunny... i'm goin to be late
each moment in a day,has its own value-morning brings hope,afternoon brings faith,evening brings luv,night brings rest,wish u find them all today.good morning
do you mind if i ask what happened? you dont have to say if it is uncomfortable.
text me when you get off, don't call, my phones having problems
did either of you have any idea's? do you know of anyplaces doing something?
until 545 lor... ya, can go 4 dinner together...
im in inperialmusic listening2the weirdest track ever by??leafcutter john??-sounds like insects being molested&someone plumbing,remixed by evil men on acid!
as per your request 'maangalyam (alaipayuthe)' has been set as your callertune for all callers. press *9 to copy your friends callertune
nice.nice.how is it working?
and how you will do that, princess? :)
come round, it's .
how come guoyang go n tell her? then u told her?
pls give her the food preferably pap very slowly with loads of sugar. you can take up to an hour to give it. and then some water. very very slowly.
alright i have a new goal now
oh howda gud gud.. mathe en samachara chikku:-)
+449071512431 urgent! this is the 2nd attempt to contact u!u have won ??1250 call 09071512433 b4 050703 t&csbcm4235wc1n3xx. callcost 150ppm mobilesvary. max??7. 50
babe ? i lost you ... :-(
why is that, princess? i bet the brothas are all chasing you!
so what u doing today?
s now only i took tablets . reaction morning only.
i taught that ranjith sir called me. so only i sms like that. becaus hes verifying about project. prabu told today so only pa dont mistake me..
sorry im stil fucked after last nite went tobed at 430 got up 4 work at 630
ya but it cant display internal subs so i gotta extract them
the affidavit says  &lt;#&gt;  e twiggs st, division g, courtroom  &lt;#&gt; , &lt;time&gt;  am. i'll double check and text you again tomorrow
do have a nice day today. i love you so dearly.
hi its kate how is your evening? i hope i can see you tomorrow for a bit but i have to bloody babyjontet! txt back if u can. :) xxx
mmmm ... fuck ... not fair ! you know my weaknesses ! *grins* *pushes you to your knee's* *exposes my belly and pulls your head to it* don't forget ... i know yours too *wicked smile*
i am great! how are you?
umma my life and vava umma love you lot dear
alright omw, gotta change my order to a half8th
take care and sleep well.you need to learn to change in life.you only need to get convinced on that.i will wait but no more conversations between us.get convinced by that time.your family is over for you in many senses.respect them but not overemphasise.or u have no role in my life.
s:-)kallis wont play in first two odi:-)
get the door, i'm here
hey, a guy i know is breathing down my neck to get him some bud, anyway you'd be able to get a half track to usf tonight?
when the first strike is a red one. the bird + antelope begin toplay in the fieldof selfindependence believe this + the flower of contention will grow.random!
hey boys. want hot xxx pics sent direct 2 ur phone? txt porn to 69855, 24hrs free and then just 50p per day. to stop text stopbcm sf wc1n3xx
that's my honeymoon outfit. :)
no dear i was sleeping :-p
i got it before the new year cos yetunde said she wanted to surprise you with it but when i didnt see money i returned it mid january before the  &lt;#&gt; day return period ended.
okay lor... wah... like that def they wont let us go... haha... what did they say in the terms and conditions?
tonight? yeah, i'd be down for that
5p 4 alfie moon's children in need song on ur mob. tell ur m8s. txt tone charity to 8007 for nokias or poly charity for polys: zed 08701417012 profit 2 charity.
spoons it is then okay?
wat r u doing?
the search 4 happiness is 1 of d main sources of unhappiness! accept life the way it comes! u will find happiness in every moment u live.
i like you peoples very much:) but am very shy pa.
xy trying smth now. u eat already? we havent...
i'm really sorry i won't b able 2 do this friday.hope u can find an alternative.hope yr term's going ok:-)
\getting tickets 4 walsall tue 6 th march. my mate is getting me them on sat. ill pay my treat. want 2 go. txt bak .terry\""
mm i am on the way to railway
thank you. do you generally date the brothas?
good evening! this is roger. how are you?
ok. me watching tv too.
sorry about earlier. putting out fires.are you around to talk after 9? or do you actually have a life, lol!
\hey j! r u feeling any better
just sleeping..and surfing
just sing hu. i think its also important to find someone female that know the place well preferably a citizen that is also smart to help you navigate through. even things like choosing a phone plan require guidance. when in doubt ask especially girls.
thats cool princess! i will cover your face in hot sticky cum :)
his bday real is in april .
been up to ne thing interesting. did you have a good birthday? when are u wrking nxt? i started uni today.
when you came to hostel.
0a$networks allow companies to bill for sms, so they are responsible for their \suppliers\"
yes. nigh you cant aha.
what number do u live at? is it 11?
* you gonna ring this weekend or wot?
i take it the post has come then! you must have 1000s of texts now! happy reading. my one from wiv hello caroline at the end is my favourite. bless him
sorry, i can't text &amp; drive coherently, see you in twenty
indeed and by the way it was either or - not both !
i wonder how you got online, my love ? had you gone to the net cafe ? did you get your phone recharged ? were you on a friends net ? i think of you, boytoy
left dessert. u wan me 2 go suntec look 4 u?
umma. did she say anything
japanese proverb: if one can do it, u too can do it, if none can do it,u must do it indian version: if one can do it, let him do it.. if none can do it,leave it!! and finally kerala version: if one can do it, stop him doing it.. if none can do it, make a strike against it ...
update_now - 12mths half price orange line rental: 400mins...call mobileupd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout=j5q
boooo you always work. just quit.
ok no prob... i'll come after lunch then...
princess, is your kitty shaved or natural?
usually the body takes care of it buy making sure it doesnt progress. can we pls continue this talk on saturday.
i cant pick the phone right now. pls send a message
he also knows about lunch menu only da. . i know
well you told others you'd marry them...
yeah if we do have to get a random dude we need to change our info sheets to party  &lt;#&gt; /7 never study just to be safe
really good:)dhanush rocks once again:)
ill be at yours in about 3 mins but look out for me
if i start sending blackberry torch to nigeria will you find buyer for me?like 4a month. and tell dad not to buy bb from anyone oh.
hi harish's rent has been transfred to ur acnt.
you want to go?
you are not bothering me but you have to trust my answers. pls.
natalja (25/f) is inviting you to be her friend. reply yes-440 or no-440 see her: www.sms.ac/u/nat27081980 stop? send stop frnd to 62468
pdate_now - double mins and 1000 txts on orange tariffs. latest motorola, sonyericsson & nokia & bluetooth free! call mobileupd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/!yhl
wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... have nice day da.
no my blankets are sufficient, thx
ok.
i could ask carlos if we could get more if anybody else can chip in
hiya comin 2 bristol 1 st week in april. les got off + rudi on new yrs eve but i was snoring.they were drunk! u bak at college yet? my work sends ink 2 bath.
hey... are you going to quit soon? xuhui and i working till end of the month
r ?_ going 4 today's meeting?
dear voucher holder, 2 claim this weeks offer, at your pc go to http://www.e-tlp.co.uk/expressoffer ts&cs apply.2 stop texts txt stop to 80062.
i'm at work. please call
text & meet someone sexy today. u can find a date or even flirt its up to u. join 4 just 10p. reply with name & age eg sam 25. 18 -msg recd@thirtyeight pence
i can't speak, bcaz mobile have problem. i can listen you but you cann't listen my voice. so i calls you later.
infact happy new year. how are you where are you when are we seeing
buzz! hey, my love ! i think of you and hope your day goes well. did you sleep in ? i miss you babe. i long for the moment we are together again*loving smile*
did u find a sitter for kaitlyn? i was sick and slept all day yesterday.
thanks for this hope you had a good day today
aiyo... her lesson so early... i'm still sleepin, haha... okie, u go home liao den confirm w me lor...
urgent please call 09066612661 from landline. ??5000 cash or a luxury 4* canary islands holiday await collection. t&cs sae award. 20m12aq. 150ppm. 16+ ???
this weeks savamob member offers are now accessible. just call 08709501522 for details! savamob, pobox 139, la3 2wu. only ??1.50/week. savamob - offers mobile!
lol i was gonna last month. i cashed some in but i left &lt;#&gt; just in case. i was collecting more during the week cause they announced it on the blog.
keep yourself safe for me because i need you and i miss you already and i envy everyone that see's you in real life
k, i might come by tonight then if my class lets out early
good morning, my love ... i go to sleep now and wish you a great day full of feeling better and opportunity ... you are my last thought babe, i love you *kiss*
actually getting ready to leave the house.
lol alright i was thinkin that too haha
your dad is back in ph?
true. its easier with her here.
i miss you so much i'm so desparate i have recorded the message you left for me the other day and listen to it just to hear the sound of your voice. i love you
wn u r hurt by d prsn who s close 2 u, do fight wit dem. coz somtimes dis fight saves a relation bt being quiet leaves nothin in a relation.. gud eveb-)
cool. i am  &lt;#&gt;  inches long. hope you like them big!
you ve won! your 4* costa del sol holiday or ??5000 await collection. call 09050090044 now toclaim. sae, tc s, pobox334, stockport, sk38xh, cost??1.50/pm, max10mins
will do. was exhausted on train this morning. too much wine and pie. you sleep well too
ooh, 4got, i'm gonna start belly dancing in moseley weds 6.30 if u want 2 join me, they have a cafe too.
camera quite good, 10.1mega pixels, 3optical and 5digital dooms. have a lovely holiday, be safe and i hope you hav a good journey! happy new year to you both! see you in a couple of weeks!
i had been hoping i would not have to send you this message. my rent is due and i dont have enough for it. my reserves are completely gone. its a loan i need and was hoping you could her. the balance is  &lt;#&gt; . is there a way i could get that from you, till mid march when i hope to pay back.
good words.... but words may leave u in dismay many times.
hai dear friends... this is my new &amp; present number..:) by rajitha raj (ranju)
oh shut it. omg yesterday i had a dream that i had 2 kids both boys. i was so pissed. not only about the kids but them being boys. i even told mark in my dream that he was changing diapers cause i'm not getting owed in the face.
tell me again what your address is
what happened in interview?
will purchase d stuff today and mail to you. do you have a po box number?
even i cant close my eyes you are in me our vava playing umma :-d
omg you can make a wedding chapel in frontierville? why do they get all the good stuff?
congrats! 2 mobile 3g videophones r yours. call 09063458130 now! videochat wid your mates, play java games, dload polyph music, noline rentl.
k i'm leaving soon, be there a little after 9
having lunch:)you are not in online?why?
tell your friends what you plan to do on valentines day @ &lt;url&gt;
reverse is cheating. that is not mathematics.
\me 2 babe i feel the same lets just 4get about it+both try +cheer up+not fit soo muchxxlove u locaxx\""
long time. you remember me today.
no got new job at bar in airport on satsgettin 4.47per hour but means no lie in! keep in touch
i anything lor...
company is very good.environment is terrific and food is really nice:)
what's the significance?
haf u found him? i feel so stupid da v cam was working.
u should make a fb list
how are you. wish you a great semester
?? wait 4 me in sch i finish ard 5..
what to think no one saying clearly. ok leave no need to ask her. i will go if she come or not
waiting for your call.
dear voucher holder have your next meal on us. use the following link on your pc 2 enjoy a 2 4 1 dining experiencehttp://www.vouch4me.com/etlp/dining.asp
me i'm not workin. once i get job...
pity, * was in mood for that. so...any other suggestions?
really... i tot ur paper ended long ago... but wat u copied jus now got use? u happy lar... i still haf 2 study :-(
get ur 1st ringtone free now! reply to this msg with tone. gr8 top 20 tones to your phone every week just ??1.50 per wk 2 opt out send stop 08452810071 16
you bad girl. i can still remember them
where's my boytoy? i miss you ... what happened?
get the official england poly ringtone or colour flag on yer mobile for tonights game! text tone or flag to 84199. optout txt eng stop box39822 w111wx ??1.50
i donno if they are scorable
thanx 4 puttin da fone down on me!!
friendship poem: dear o dear u r not near but i can hear dont get fear live with cheer no more tear u r always my dear. gud ni8
oooh bed ridden ey? what are you thinking of?
hope you are not scared!
i like cheap! but i???m happy to splash out on the wine if it makes you feel better..
mila, age23, blonde, new in uk. i look sex with uk guys. if u like fun with me. text mtalk to 69866.18 . 30pp/txt 1st 5free. ??1.50 increments. help08718728876
hey they r not watching movie tonight so i'll prob b home early...
die... i accidentally deleted e msg i suppose 2 put in e sim archive. haiz... i so sad...
k..k:)how much does it cost?
i thought slide is enough.
yup. izzit still raining heavily cos i'm in e mrt i can't c outside.
well keep in mind i've only got enough gas for one more round trip barring a sudden influx of cash
thx. all will be well in a few months
tmr then ?_ brin lar... aiya later i come n c lar... mayb ?_ neva set properly ?_ got da help sheet wif ?_...
aathi..where are you dear..
private! your 2004 account statement for 07742676969 shows 786 unredeemed bonus points. to claim call 08719180248 identifier code: 45239 expires
if you text on your way to cup stop that should work. and that should be bus
ok i shall talk to him
no just send to you. bec you in temple na.
please tell me you have some of that special stock you were talking about
oh ic. i thought you meant mary jane.
carlos is down but i have to pick it up from him, so i'll swing by usf in a little bit
not getting anywhere with this damn job hunting over here!
wat happened to the cruise thing
ok...
i wonder if you'll get this text?
yeah sure, give me a couple minutes to track down my wallet
if you aren't here in the next  &lt;#&gt;  hours imma flip my shit
got meh... when?
i sent them. do you like?
what's a feathery bowa? is that something guys have that i don't know about?
what time you think you'll have it? need to know when i should be near campus
when you get free, call me
4mths half price orange line rental & latest camera phones 4 free. had your phone 11mths ? call mobilesdirect free on 08000938767 to update now! or2stoptxt
i called but no one pick up e phone. i ask both of them already they said ok.
hmmm... guess we can go 4 kb n power yoga... haha, dunno we can tahan power yoga anot... thk got lo oso, forgot liao...
think + da. you wil do.
will do, you gonna be at blake's all night? i might be able to get out of here a little early
private! your 2003 account statement for 078
friendship poem: dear o dear u r not near but i can hear dont get fear live with cheer no more tear u r always my dear. gud ni8
no..few hours before.went to hair cut .
oh k. . i will come tomorrow
wiskey brandy rum gin beer vodka scotch shampain wine \kudi\"yarasu dhina vaazhthukkal. .."
sounds like there could be a lot of time spent in that chastity device boy ... *grins* ... or take your beatings like a good dog. going to lounge in a nice long bath now ?
double mins and txts 4 6months free bluetooth on orange. available on sony, nokia motorola phones. call mobileupd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/n9dx
lol where do u come up with these ideas?
also where's the piece
call me when u finish then i come n pick u.
or maybe my fat fingers just press all these buttons and it doesn't know what to do.
ur awarded a city break and could win a ??200 summer shopping spree every wk. txt store to 88039.skilgme.tscs087147403231winawk!age16+??1.50perwksub
thanx 4 2day! u r a goodmate i think ur rite sary! asusual!1 u cheered me up! love u franyxxxxx
i will come to ur home now
now only i reached home. . . i am very tired now. . i will come tomorro
yay! you better not have told that to 5 other girls either.
ok good then i later come find ?_... c lucky i told ?_ to go earlier... later pple take finish ?_ no more again...
k ill drink.pa then what doing. i need srs model pls send it to my mail id pa.
nope but i'll b going 2 sch on fri quite early lor cos mys sis got paper in da morn :-)
just got some gas money, any chance you and the gang want to go on a grand nature adventure?
i probably won't eat at all today. i think i'm gonna pop. how was your weekend? did u miss me?
88800 and 89034 are premium phone services call 08718711108
how are you with money...as in to you...money aint a thing....how are you sha!
open rebtel with firefox. when it loads just put plus sign in the user name place, and it will show you two numbers. the lower number is my number. once you pick that number the pin will display okay!
yes i have. so that's why u texted. pshew...missing you so much
me also da, i feel yesterday night  wait til 2day night dear.
fuck cedar key and fuck her (come over anyway tho)
oops, i'll let you know when my roommate's done
shall call now dear having food
also tell him i said happy birthday
ok then u tell me wat time u coming later lor.
how much are we getting?
k k :-):-) then watch some films.
i went to project centre
free unlimited hardcore porn direct 2 your mobile txt porn to 69200 & get free access for 24 hrs then chrgd@50p per day txt stop 2exit. this msg is free
appt is at &lt;time&gt; am. not my fault u don't listen. i told u twice
r u saying i should re order the slippers cos i had to pay for returning it.
later i guess. i needa do mcat study too.
no i'm not gonna be able to. || too late notice. || i'll be home in a few weeks anyway. || what are the plans
message from . i am at truro hospital on ext. you can phone me here. as i have a phone by my side
how come it takes so little time for a child who is afraid of the dark to become a teenager who wants to stay out all night?
ok can...
i anything lor.
i've sent my wife your text. after we buy them she'll tell you what to do. so just relax. we should go get them this wkend.
do 1 thing! change that sentence into: \because i want 2 concentrate in my educational career im leaving here..\""
meanwhile in the shit suite: xavier decided to give us  &lt;#&gt;  seconds of warning that samantha was coming over and is playing jay's guitar to impress her or some shit. also i don't think doug realizes i don't live here anymore
december only! had your mobile 11mths+? you are entitled to update to the latest colour camera mobile for free! call the mobile update co free on 08002986906
i'm coming back on thursday. yay. is it gonna be ok to get the money. cheers. oh yeah and how are you. everything alright. hows school. or do you call it work now
the  &lt;#&gt; g that i saw a few days ago, the guy wants sell wifi only for  &lt;#&gt;  and with 3g for  &lt;#&gt; . that's why i blanked him.
house-maid is the murderer, coz the man was murdered on  &lt;#&gt; th january.. as public holiday all govt.instituitions are closed,including post office..understand?
nope watching tv at home... not going out. v bored...
urgent! we are trying to contact u. todays draw shows that you have won a ??800 prize guaranteed. call 09050001808 from land line. claim m95. valid12hrs only
how's my loverboy doing ? what does he do that keeps him from coming to his queen, hmmm ? doesn't he ache to speak to me ? miss me desparately ?
dear i am not denying your words please
k do i need a login or anything
fancy a shag? i do.interested? sextextuk.com txt xxuk suzy to 69876. txts cost 1.50 per msg. tncs on website. x
wot u wanna do then missy?
yeah. i got a list with only u and joanna if i'm feeling really anti social
gudnite....tc...practice going on
i'll text carlos and let you know, hang on
i just made some payments so dont have that much. sorry. would you want it fedex or the other way.
oh wow thats gay. will firmware update help
usf i guess, might as well take 1 car
should i have picked up a receipt or something earlier
shall i come to get pickle
?? ready then call me...
msg me when rajini comes.
tell me pa. how is pain de.
free message activate your 500 free text messages by replying to this message with the word free for terms & conditions, visit www.07781482378.com
plz note: if anyone calling from a mobile co. &amp; asks u to type # &lt;#&gt;  or # &lt;#&gt; . do not do so. disconnect the call,coz it iz an attempt of 'terrorist' to make use of the sim card no. itz confirmd by nokia n motorola n has been verified by cnn ibn.
party's at my place at usf, no charge (but if you can contribute in any way it is greatly appreciated) and yeah, we got room for one more
it vl bcum more difficult..
awesome, i remember the last time we got somebody high for the first time with diesel :v
private! your 2003 account statement for shows 800 un-redeemed s. i. m. points. call 08715203694 identifier code: 40533 expires 31/10/04
free entry into our ??250 weekly competition just text the word win to 80086 now. 18 t&c www.txttowin.co.uk
yeah, that's what i was thinking
call me when u're done...
thanks. fills me with complete calm and reassurance!
&lt;#&gt;  great loxahatchee xmas tree burning update: you can totally see stars here
babes i think i got ur brolly i left it in english wil bring it in 2mrw 4 u luv franxx
ard 4 lor...
these won't do. have to move on to morphine
sent me ur email id soon
please dont say like that. hi hi hi
i hope you know i'm still mad at you.
yes i posted a couple of pics on fb. there's still snow outside too. i'm just waking up :)
waaaat?? lololo ok next time then!
summers finally here! fancy a chat or flirt with sexy singles in yr area? to get matched up just reply summer now. free 2 join. optout txt stop help08714742804
you are a winner u have been specially selected 2 receive ??1000 or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810910p/min (18+)
oh k.i think most of wi and nz players unsold.
been running but only managed 5 minutes and then needed oxygen! might have to resort to the roller option!
how's it going? got any exciting karaoke type activities planned? i'm debating whether to play football this eve. feeling lazy though.
hey anyway i have to :-)
i think i???m waiting for the same bus! inform me when you get there, if you ever get there.
sorry, i'll call later
i had askd u a question some hours before. its answer
&lt;#&gt; %of pple marry with their lovers... becz they hav gud undrstndng dat avoids problems. i sent dis 2 u, u wil get gud news on friday by d person you like. and tomorrow will be the best day of your life. dont break this chain. if you break you will suffer. send this to  &lt;#&gt;  frnds in &lt;#&gt;  mins whn u read...
hey, can you tell me blake's address? carlos wanted me to meet him there but i got lost and he's not answering his phone
nobody names their penis a girls name this story doesn't add up at all
thats a bit weird, even ?- where is the do supposed to be happening? but good idea, sure they will be in pub!
i want kfc its tuesday. only buy 2 meals only 2. no gravy. only 2 mark. 2!
still chance there. if you search hard you will get it..let have a try :)
thanks love. but am i doing torch or bold.
wah lucky man... then can save money... hee...
god created gap btwn ur fingers so dat sum1 vry special will fill those gaps by holding ur hands.. now plz dont ask y he created so much gap between legs !!!
thk some of em find wtc too far... weiyi not goin... e rest i dunno yet... r ur goin 4 dinner den i might b able to join...
yetunde, i'm sorry but moji and i seem too busy to be able to go shopping. can you just please find some other way to get what you wanted us to get. please forgive me. you can reply free via yahoo messenger.
8007 25p 4 alfie moon's children in need song on ur mob. tell ur m8s. txt tone charity to 8007 for nokias or poly charity for polys :zed 08701417012 profit 2 charity
somebody should go to andros and steal ice
i was slept that time.you there?
i don't think i can get away for a trek that long with family in town, sorry
hi this is yijue... it's regarding the 3230 textbook it's intro to algorithms second edition... i'm selling it for $50...
watching tv lor. nice one then i like lor.
mmmm.... i cant wait to lick it!
wait, do you know if wesleys in town? i bet she does hella drugs!
no. 1 nokia tone 4 ur mob every week! just txt nok to 87021. 1st tone free ! so get txtin now and tell ur friends. 150p/tone. 16 reply hl 4info
you still at grand prix?
wat u doing there?
no drama pls.i have had enough from you and family while i am struggling in the hot sun in a strange place.no reason why there should be an ego of not going 'if not invited' when actually its necessity to go.wait for very serious reppurcussions.
after the drug she will be able to eat.
if i not meeting ?_ all rite then i'll go home lor. if ?_ dun feel like comin it's ok.
what makes you most happy?
i uploaded mine to facebook
shant disturb u anymore... jia you...
the length is e same but e top shorter n i got a fringe now. i thk i'm not going liao. too lazy. dun wan 2 distract u also.
is there any movie theatre i can go to and watch unlimited movies and just pay once?
i will cme i want to go to hos 2morow. after that i wil cme. this what i got from her dear what to do. she didnt say any time
i have no idea where you are
urgent! please call 0906346330. your abta complimentary 4* spanish holiday or ??10,000 cash await collection sae t&cs box 47 po19 2ez 150ppm 18+
but i haf enuff space got like 4 mb...
then u going ikea str aft dat?
dear how is chechi. did you talk to her
lol grr my mom is taking forever with my prescription. pharmacy is like 2 minutes away. ugh.
* was really good to see you the other day dudette, been missing you!
k..k..any special today?
k..k..i'm also fine:)when will you complete the course?
hot live fantasies call now 08707500020 just 20p per min ntt ltd, po box 1327 croydon cr9 5wb 0870 is a national rate call
r u &sam p in eachother. if we meet we can go 2 my house
ok... help me ask if she's working tmr a not?
nothing, i got msg frm tht unknown no..
get 3 lions england tone, reply lionm 4 mono or lionp 4 poly. 4 more go 2 www.ringtones.co.uk, the original n best. tones 3gbp network operator rates apply.
nothing just getting msgs by dis name wit different no's..
i hope you arnt pissed off but id would really like to see you tomorrow. love me xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
sir, waiting for your mail.
superb thought- \be grateful that u dont have everything u want. that means u still have an opportunity to be happier tomorrow than u are today.\":-)"
no worries, hope photo shoot went well. have a spiffing fun at workage.
yo do you know anyone  &lt;#&gt;  or otherwise able to buy liquor? our guy flaked and right now if we don't get a hold of somebody its just 4 loko all night
by march ending, i should be ready. but will call you for sure. the problem is that my capital never complete. how far with you. how's work and the ladies
call 09095350301 and send our girls into erotic ecstacy. just 60p/min. to stop texts call 08712460324 (nat rate)
this is the 2nd time we have tried to contact u. u have won the ??400 prize. 2 claim is easy, just call 087104711148 now! only 10p per minute. bt-national-rate
hahaha..use your brain dear
i will see in half an hour
i accidentally deleted the message. resend please.
no problem with the renewal. i.ll do it right away but i dont know his details.
nope... think i will go for it on monday... sorry i replied so late
december only! had your mobile 11mths+? you are entitled to update to the latest colour camera mobile for free! call the mobile update vco free on 08002986906
lol they don't know about my awesome phone. i could click delete right now if i want.
big brother???s really scraped the barrel with this shower of social misfits
interflora - ??it's not too late to order interflora flowers for christmas call 0800 505060 to place your order before midnight tomorrow.
can you pls pls send me a mail on all you know about relatives coming to deliver here? all you know about costs, risks, benefits and anything else. thanks.
?? eatin later but i'm eatin wif my frens now lei... ?? going home first?
auction round 4. the highest bid is now ??54. next maximum bid is ??71. to bid, send bids e. g. 10 (to bid ??10) to 83383. good luck.
leaving to qatar tonite in search of an opportunity.all went fast.pls add me in ur prayers dear.rakhesh
pls clarify back if an open return ticket that i have can be preponed for me to go back to kerala.
i want to send something that can sell fast.  &lt;#&gt; k is not easy money.
?? dun wan to watch infernal affair?
surly ill give it to you:-) while coming to review.
i dont understand your message.
even if he my friend he is a priest call him now
great escape. i fancy the bridge but needs her lager. see you tomo
i'm done. c ?_ there.
yo carlos, a few friends are already asking me about you, you working at all this weekend?
2 and half years i missed your friendship:-)
you should know now. so how's anthony. are you bringing money. i've school fees to pay and rent and stuff like that. thats why i need your help. a friend in need....|
ok...
i want to be inside you every night...
the battery is for mr adewale my uncle. aka egbon
yes i know the cheesy songs from frosty the snowman :)
idc get over here, you are not weaseling your way out of this shit twice in a row
not to worry. i'm sure you'll get it.
alrite
i wish things were different. i wonder when i will be able to show you how much i value you. pls continue the brisk walks no drugs without askin me please and find things to laugh about. i love you dearly.
can ?_ send me a copy of da report?
lol for real. she told my dad i have cancer
well if i'm that desperate i'll just call armand again
i dunno until when... lets go learn pilates...
when are you going to ride your bike?
love that holiday monday feeling even if i have to go to the dentists in an hour
on hen night. going with a swing
and you! will expect you whenever you text! hope all goes well tomo
customer service announcement. we recently tried to make a delivery to you but were unable to do so, please call 07090298926 to re-schedule. ref:9307622
hi darlin i finish at 3 do u 1 2 pick me up or meet me? text back on this number luv kate xxx
i.ll hand her my phone to chat wit u
so the sun is anti sleep medicine.
this is hoping you enjoyed your game yesterday. sorry i've not been in touch but pls know that you are fondly bein thot off. have a great week. abiola
ard 515 like dat. y?
yes its possible but dint try. pls dont tell to any one k
me fine..absolutly fine
in other news after hassling me to get him weed for a week andres has no money. haughaighgtujhyguj
its a valentine game. . . send dis msg to all ur friends. . if 5 answers r d same then someone really loves u. . ques- which colour suits me the best?
hottest pics straight to your phone!! see me getting wet and wanting, just for you xx text pics to 89555 now! txt costs 150p textoperator g696ga 18 xxx
yes just finished watching days of our lives. i love it.
thanks for your subscription to ringtone uk your mobile will be charged ??5/month please confirm by replying yes or no. if you reply no you will not be charged
dorothy@kiefer.com (bank of granite issues strong-buy) explosive pick for our members *****up over 300% *********** nasdaq symbol cdgt that is a $5.00 per..
oh...i asked for fun. haha...take care. ?_
now got tv 2 watch meh? u no work today?
i don't know but i'm raping dudes at poker
my life means a lot to me, not because i love my life, but because i love the people in my life, the world calls them friends, i call them my world:-).. ge:-)..
msgs r not time pass.they silently say that i am thinking of u right now and also making u think of me at least 4 a moment. gd nt.swt drms @shesil
one of the joys in lifeis waking up each daywith thoughts that somewheresomeone cares enough tosend a warm morning greeting.. -
beautiful truth : expression of the face could be seen by everyone... but the depression of heart could be understood only by the loved ones.. gud ni8;-)
don't forget though that i love you .... and i walk beside you. watching over you and keeping your heart warm.
from 88066 lost ??12 help
i asked sen to come chennai and search for job.
v nice! off 2 sheffield tom 2 air my opinions on categories 2 b used 2 measure ethnicity in next census. busy transcribing. :-)
do you realize that in about 40 years, we'll have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos?
hey u still at the gym?
sms auction - a brand new nokia 7250 is up 4 auction today! auction is free 2 join & take part! txt nokia to 86021 now!
hi msg me:)i'm in office..
mum not going robinson already.
hey... why dont we just go watch x men and have lunch... haha
erm... woodland avenue somewhere. do you get the parish magazine, his telephone number will be in there.
do you know when the result.
nutter. cutter. ctter. cttergg. cttargg. ctargg. ctagg. ie you
mm yes dear look how i am hugging you both. :-p
oh ya ya. i remember da. .
<forwarded from 88877>free entry into our ??250 weekly comp just send the word enter to 88877 now. 18 t&c www.textcomp.com
1000's of girls many local 2 u who r virgins 2 this & r ready 2 4fil ur every sexual need. can u 4fil theirs? text cute to 69911(??1.50p. m)
hi.what you think about match?
what type of stuff do you sing?
wake me up at  &lt;#&gt;  am morning:)
i am going to film 2day da. at 6pm. sorry da.
free2day sexy st george's day pic of jordan!txt pic to 89080 dont miss out, then every wk a saucy celeb!4 more pics c pocketbabe.co.uk 0870241182716 ??3/wk
i wont do anything de.
yeah confirmed for you staying at  that weekend
new mobiles from 2004, must go! txt: nokia to no: 89545 & collect yours today! from only ??1. www.4-tc.biz 2optout 087187262701.50gbp/mtmsg18 txtauction.
ever green quote ever told by jerry in cartoon \a person who irritates u always is the one who loves u vry much but fails to express it...!..!! :-) :-) gud nyt"
somewhr someone is surely made 4 u. and god has decided a perfect time to make u meet dat person. . . . till den, . . . . . enjoy ur crushes..!!!;-)
my exam is for february 4. wish you a great day.
also fuck you and your family for going to rhode island or wherever the fuck and leaving me all alone the week i have a new bong &gt;:(
yay can't wait to party together!
ok
urgent ur awarded a complimentary trip to eurodisinc trav, aco&entry41 or ??1000. to claim txt dis to 87121 18+6*??1.50(morefrmmob. shracomorsglsuplt)10, ls1 3aj
i didn't get the second half of that message
studying. but i.ll be free next weekend.
we r outside already.
dunno he jus say go lido. same time 930.
no problem. talk to you later
we not leaving yet. ok lor then we go elsewhere n eat. u thk...
another month. i need chocolate weed and alcohol.
i dont have any of your file in my bag..i was in work when you called me.i 'll tell you if i find anything in my room.
s:)s.nervous  &lt;#&gt; :)
you have won ?1,000 cash or a ?2,000 prize! to claim, call09050000327
you are now unsubscribed all services. get tons of sexy babes or hunks straight to your phone! go to http://gotbabes.co.uk. no subscriptions.
hope you are having a great new semester. do wish you the very best. you are made for greatness.
sorry i missed you babe. i was up late and slept in. i hope you enjoy your driving lesson, boytoy. i miss you too ... *teasing kiss*
good morning. at the repair shop--the only reason i'm up at this hour.
nothing will ever be easy. but don't be looking for a reason not to take a risk on life and love
you are being ripped off! get your mobile content from www.clubmoby.com call 08717509990 poly/true/pix/ringtones/games six downloads for only 3
for real tho this sucks. i can't even cook my whole electricity is out. and i'm hungry.
hi there. we have now moved in2 our pub . would be great 2 c u if u cud come up.
i don't know u and u don't know me. send chat to 86688 now and let's find each other! only 150p/msg rcvd. hg/suite342/2lands/row/w1j6hl ldn. 18 years or over.
if e timing can, then i go w u lor...
no problem. we will be spending a lot of quality time together...
yup i'm free...
or remind me in a few hrs.
fantasy football is back on your tv. go to sky gamestar on sky active and play ??250k dream team. scoring starts on saturday, so register now!sky opt out to 88088
not much no fights. it was a good nite!!
hey elaine, is today's meeting still on?
are you willing to go for apps class.
they said if its gonna snow, it will start around 8 or 9 pm tonite! they are predicting an inch of accumulation.
no sir. that's why i had an 8-hr trip on the bus last week. have another audition next wednesday but i think i might drive this time.
i wait 4 ?_ inside da car park...
sir, i have been late in paying rent for the past few months and had to pay a $ &lt;#&gt;  charge. i felt it would be inconsiderate of me to nag about something you give at great cost to yourself and that's why i didnt speak up. i however am in a recession and wont be able to pay the charge this month hence my askin well ahead of month's end. can you please help. thanks
don't forget who owns you and who's private property you are ... and be my good boy always .. *passionate kiss*
hi hope u get this txt~journey hasnt been gd,now about 50 mins late i think.
haha... where got so fast lose weight, thk muz go 4 a month den got effect... gee,later we go aust put bk e weight.
they don't put that stuff on the roads to keep it from getting slippery over there?
was actually sleeping and still might when u call back. so a text is gr8. you rock sis. will send u a text wen i wake.
just gettin a bit arty with my collages at the mo, well tryin 2 ne way! got a roast in a min lovely i shall enjoy that!
dont flatter yourself... tell that man of mine two pints of carlin in ten minutes please....
that's fine, have him give me a call if he knows what he wants or has any questions
have you laid your airtel line to rest?
sure! i am driving but will reach my destination soon.
whatever, juliana. do whatever you want.
dude im no longer a pisces. im an aquarius now.
hello beautiful r u ok? i've kinda ad a row wiv and he walked out the pub?? i wanted a night wiv u miss u
if i die i want u to have all my stuffs.
at home by the way
remember on that day..
i.ll always be there, even if its just in spirit. i.ll get a bb soon. just trying to be sure i need it.
hmm...bad news...hype park plaza $700 studio taken...only left 2 bedrm-$900...
please da call me any mistake from my side sorry da. pls da goto doctor.
and whenever you and i see we can still hook up too.
nah im goin 2 the wrks with j wot bout u?
bored housewives! chat n date now! 0871750.77.11! bt-national rate 10p/min only from landlines!
\none!nowhere ikno doesdiscount!shitinnit\""
thanks for your message. i really appreciate your sacrifice. i'm not sure of the process of direct pay but will find out on my way back from the test tomorrow. i'm in class now. do have a wonderful day.
bloody hell, cant believe you forgot my surname mr . ill give u a clue, its spanish and begins with m...
\not enufcredeit tocall.shall ileave uni at 6 +get a bus to yor house?\""
hi, mobile no.  &lt;#&gt;  has added you in their contact list on www.fullonsms.com it s a great place to send free sms to people for more visit fullonsms.com
74355 xmas iscoming & ur awarded either ??500 cd gift vouchers & free entry 2 r ??100 weekly draw txt music to 87066 tnc
that's cause your old. i live to be high.
come to me, slave. your doing it again ... going into your shell and unconsciously avoiding me ... you are making me unhappy :-(
urgent! your mobile no *********** won a ??2,000 bonus caller prize on 02/06/03! this is the 2nd attempt to reach you! call 09066362220 asap! box97n7qp, 150ppm
where you. what happen
what r u cooking me for dinner?
you are guaranteed the latest nokia phone, a 40gb ipod mp3 player or a ??500 prize! txt word: collect to no: 83355! ibhltd ldnw15h 150p/mtmsgrcvd18+
she said,'' do u mind if i go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''ok'', i sed in a sexy mood. she came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n my wife,
eat at old airport road... but now 630 oredi... got a lot of pple...
yes but i dont care! i need you bad, princess!
i can't make it tonight
urgent. important information for 02 user. today is your lucky day! 2 find out why , log onto http://www.urawinner.com there is a fantastic surprise awaiting you !
excellent. i spent  &lt;#&gt;  years in the air force. iraq and afghanistan. i am stable and honest. do you like traveling?
i'll be at mu in like  &lt;#&gt;  seconds
congrats 2 mobile 3g videophones r yours. call 09063458130 now! videochat wid ur mates, play java games, dload polyph music, noline rentl. bx420. ip4. 5we. 150p
what you doing?how are you?
leave it wif me lar... ?? wan to carry meh so heavy... is da num 98321561 familiar to ?_?
geeeee ... your internet is really bad today, eh ?
awesome, i'll see you in a bit
the sign of maturity is not when we start saying big things.. but actually it is, when we start understanding small things... *have a nice evening* bslvyl
i just got home babe, are you still awake ?
uncle boye. i need movies oh. guide me. plus you know torrents are not particularly legal here. and the system is slowing down. what should i do. have a gr8 day. plus have you started cos i dont meet you online. how was the honey moon.
bought one ringtone and now getting texts costing 3 pound offering more tones etc
yes da. any plm at ur office
aiyo please ?_ got time meh.
thats cool! sometimes slow and gentle. sonetimes rough and hard :)
ya i knw u vl giv..its ok thanks kano..anyway enjoy wit ur family wit 1st salary..:-);-)
* am on a train back from northampton so i'm afraid not!
freemsg hey u, i just got 1 of these video/pic fones, reply wild to this txt & ill send u my pics, hurry up im so bored at work xxx (18 150p/rcvd stop2stop)
merry christmas to you too babe, i love ya *kisses*
lol no ouch but wish i'd stayed out a bit longer
hi good mornin.. thanku wish u d same..
love it! the girls at the office may wonder why you are smiling but sore...
congrats! 1 year special cinema pass for 2 is yours. call 09061209465 now! c suprman v, matrix3, starwars3, etc all 4 free! bx420-ip4-5we. 150pm. dont miss out!
ok no problem... yup i'm going to sch at 4 if i rem correctly...
when is school starting. where will you stay. what's the weather like. and the food. do you have a social support system like friends in the school. all these things are important.
nah man, my car is meant to be crammed full of people
i enjoy watching and playing football and basketball. anything outdoors. and you?
ok. but i finish at 6.
please call our customer service representative on freephone 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you have won a guaranteed ??1000 cash or ??5000 prize!
ok i msg u b4 i leave my house.
sir, i am waiting for your mail.
arms fine, how's cardiff and uni?
we can go 4 e normal pilates after our intro...
ok...
that's the trouble with classes that go well - you're due a dodgey one ??_ expecting mine tomo! see you for recovery, same time, same place
i've been searching for the right words to thank you for this breather. i promise i wont take your help for granted and will fulfil my promise. you have been wonderful and a blessing at all times.
k..give back my thanks.
i am not sure about night menu. . . i know only about noon menu
got c... i lazy to type... i forgot ?_ in lect... i saw a pouch but like not v nice...
how would my ip address test that considering my computer isn't a minecraft server
i'm in a movie... collect car oredi...
enjoy the jamster videosound gold club with your credits for 2 new videosounds+2 logos+musicnews! get more fun from jamster.co.uk! 16+only help? call: 09701213186
living is very simple.. loving is also simple.. laughing is too simple.. winning is tooo simple.. but, being 'simple' is very difficult...;-) :-)
how much is blackberry bold2 in nigeria.
double mins & double txt & 1/2 price linerental on latest orange bluetooth mobiles. call mobileupd8 for the very latest offers. 08000839402 or call2optout/lf56
sorry sir, i will call you tomorrow.  senthil.hsbc
that day ?_ say ?_ cut ur hair at paragon, is it called hair sense? do ?_ noe how much is a hair cut?
fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose.
i'm fine. hope you are also
good morning my dear shijutta........... have a great &amp; successful day.
85233 free>ringtone!reply real
horrible bf... i now v hungry...
am surfing online store. for offers do you want to buy any thing.
fyi i'm taking a quick shower, be at epsilon in like  &lt;#&gt;  min
if i let you do this, i want you in the house by 8am.
are your freezing ? are you home yet ? will you remember to kiss your mom in the morning? do you love me ? do you think of me ? are you missing me yet ?
win: we have a winner! mr. t. foley won an ipod! more exciting prizes soon, so keep an eye on ur mobile or visit www.win-82050.co.uk
if you're thinking of lifting me one then no.
well at this right i'm gonna have to get up and check today's steam sales/pee so text me when you want me to come get you
okay same with me. well thanks for the clarification
re your call; you didn't see my facebook huh?
3 pa but not selected.
helloooo... wake up..! \sweet\" \"morning\" \"welcomes\" \"you\" \"enjoy\" \"this day\" \"with full of joy\".. \"gud mrng\"."
dude ive been seeing a lotta corvettes lately
hiya , have u been paying money into my account? if so, thanks. got a pleasant surprise when i checked my balance -u c, i don't get statements 4 that acc
o was not into fps then.
finish already... yar they keep saying i mushy... i so embarrassed ok...
your free ringtone is waiting to be collected. simply text the password \mix\" to 85069 to verify. get usher and britney. fml  mk17 92h. 450ppw 16"
look at the fuckin time. what the fuck you think is up
turns out my friends are staying for the whole show and won't be back til ~ &lt;#&gt; , so feel free to go ahead and smoke that $ &lt;#&gt;  worth
no screaming means shouting..
x2  &lt;#&gt; . are you going to get that
one day a crab was running on the sea shore..the waves came n cleared the footprints of the crab.. crab asked: being my frnd y r u clearing my beautiful footprints? waves replied: a fox was following ur footprints to catch you! thats y i cleared it off:) frndsship never lets u dwn :-) gud nyt..
in da car park
kind of. took it to garage. centre part of exhaust needs replacing. part ordered n taking it to be fixed tomo morning.
hey check it da. i have listed da.
that would be good ??_ i'll phone you tomo lunchtime, shall i, to organise something?
y de asking like this.
its too late:)but its k.wish you the same.
if i said anything wrong sorry de:-)
no. to be nosy i guess. idk am i over reacting if i'm freaked?
to day class is there are no class.
dear, take care. i am just reaching home.love u a lot.
no shit, but i wasn't that surprised, so i went and spent the evening with that french guy i met in town here and we fooled around a bit but i didn't let him fuck me
fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose.
ya! when are ?_ taking ure practical lessons? i start in june..
did u download the fring app?
i know girls always safe and selfish know i got it pa. thank you. good night.
may b approve panalam...but it should have more posts..
ard 6 like dat lor.
those were my exact intentions
do well :)all will for little time. thing of good times ahead:
a boy loved a gal. he propsd bt she didnt mind. he gv lv lttrs, bt her frnds threw thm. again d boy decided 2 aproach d gal , dt time a truck was speeding towards d gal. wn it was about 2 hit d girl,d boy ran like hell n saved her. she asked 'hw cn u run so fast?' d boy replied \boost is d secret of my energy\" n instantly d girl shouted \"our energy\" n thy lived happily 2gthr drinking boost evrydy moral of d story:- i hv free msgs:d;): gud ni8"
cds 4u: congratulations ur awarded ??500 of cd gift vouchers or ??125 gift guaranteed & freeentry 2 ??100 wkly draw xt music to 87066 tncs www.ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
i shall book chez jules for half eight, if that's ok with you?
u meet other fren dun wan meet me ah... muz b a guy rite...
am only searching for good dual sim mobile pa.
i'm nt goin, got somethin on, unless they meetin 4 dinner lor... haha, i wonder who will go tis time...
please protect yourself from e-threats. sib never asks for sensitive information like passwords,atm/sms pin thru email. never share your password with anybody.
i love working from home :)
ok i am on the way to home hi hi
i like to think there's always the possibility of being in a pub later.
cant think of anyone with * spare room off * top of my head
recpt 1/3. you have ordered a ringtone. your order is being processed...
finally it has happened..! aftr decades..! beer is now cheaper than petrol! the goverment expects us to \drink\". . . but don't \"drive \""
see you there!
santa calling! would your little ones like a call from santa xmas eve? call 09077818151 to book you time. calls1.50ppm last 3mins 30s t&c www.santacalling.com
i dunno lei... like dun haf...
you do what all you like
k.. i yan jiu liao... sat we can go 4 bugis vill one frm 10 to 3 den hop to parco 4 nb. sun can go cine frm 1030 to 2, den hop to orc mrt 4 hip hop at 4...
here is my new address -apples&pairs&all that malarky
a pure hearted person can have a wonderful smile that makes even his/her enemies to feel guilty for being an enemy.. so catch the world with your smile..:) goodmorning &amp; have a smiley sunday..:)
lol ok. i'll snatch her purse too.
dunno lei ?_ all decide lor. how abt leona? oops i tot ben is going n i msg him.
how are you holding up?
this is the 2nd time we have tried 2 contact u. u have won the ??750 pound prize. 2 claim is easy, call 087187272008 now1! only 10p per minute. bt-national-rate.
t-mobile customer you may now claim your free camera phone upgrade & a pay & go sim card for your loyalty. call on 0845 021 3680.offer ends 28thfeb.t&c's apply
i thought i'd get him a watch, just cos thats the kind of thing u get4an18th. and he loves so much!
u are subscribed to the best mobile content service in the uk for ??3 per 10 days until you send stop to 82324. helpline 08706091795
how abt making some of the pics bigger?
dont think so. it turns off like randomlly within 5min of opening
am i that much bad to avoid like this?
loan for any purpose ??500 - ??75,000. homeowners + tenants welcome. have you been previously refused? we can still help. call free 0800 1956669 or text back 'help'
ok lar... joking wif u oni...
what part of \don't initiate\" don't you understand"
ok thanx...
oh, the grand is having a bit of a party but it doesn't mention any cover charge so it's probably first come first served
pls speak with me. i wont ask anything other then you friendship.
my love ... i hope your not doing anything drastic. don't you dare sell your pc or your phone ...
o we cant see if we can join denis and mina? or does denis want alone time
change again... it's e one next to escalator...
i'm in class. will holla later
ok lor...
had the money issue weigh me down but thanks to you, i can breathe easier now. i.ll make sure you dont regret it. thanks.
now u sound like manky scouse boy steve,like! i is travelling on da bus home.wot has u inmind 4 recreation dis eve?
i want  &lt;#&gt;  rs da:)do you have it?
purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..its about smiling just by seeing the name. gud evng musthu
... are you in the pub?
aiyar hard 2 type. u later free then tell me then i call n scold n tell u.
we tried to contact you re our offer of new video phone 750 anytime any network mins half price rental camcorder call 08000930705 or reply for delivery wed
mm that time you dont like fun
just checking in on you. really do miss seeing jeremiah. do have a great month
?? go home liao? ask dad to pick me up at 6...
aight, let me know when you're gonna be around usf
december only! had your mobile 11mths+? you are entitled to update to the latest colour camera mobile for free! call the mobile update co free on 08002986906
its ok, if anybody asks abt me, u tel them..:-p
get a brand new mobile phone by being an agent of the mob! plus loads more goodies! for more info just text mat to 87021.
44 7732584351, do you want a new nokia 3510i colour phone deliveredtomorrow? with 300 free minutes to any mobile + 100 free texts + free camcorder reply or call 08000930705.
but your brother transfered only  &lt;#&gt;  +  &lt;#&gt; . pa.
the whole car appreciated the last two! dad and are having a map reading semi argument but apart from that things are going ok. p.
come to my home for one last time i wont do anything. trust me.
thanks 4 your continued support your question this week will enter u in2 our draw 4 ??100 cash. name the new us president? txt ans to 80082
is that seriously how you spell his name?
ujhhhhhhh computer shipped out with address to sandiago and parantella lane. wtf. poop.
how much it will cost approx . per month.
yes.he have good crickiting mind
private! your 2004 account statement for 078498****7 shows 786 unredeemed bonus points. to claim call 08719180219 identifier code: 45239 expires 06.05.05
you know what hook up means right?
07732584351 - rodger burns - msg = we tried to call you re your reply to our sms for a free nokia mobile + free camcorder. please call now 08000930705 for delivery tomorrow
when you are big..| god will bring success.
lol well don't do it without me. we could have a big sale together.
s:)8 min to go for lunch:)
science tells that chocolate will melt under the sunlight. please don't walk under the sunlight. bcoz,i don't want to loss a sweet friend.
hot live fantasies call now 08707509020 just 20p per min ntt ltd, po box 1327 croydon cr9 5wb 0870 is a national rate call
block breaker now comes in deluxe format with new features and great graphics from t-mobile. buy for just ??5 by replying get bbdeluxe and take the challenge
u so lousy, run already come back then half dead... hee...
i???ll have a look at the frying pan in case it???s cheap or a book perhaps. no that???s silly a frying pan isn???t likely to be a book
yun ah.the ubi one say if ?_ wan call by tomorrow.call 67441233 look for irene.ere only got bus8,22,65,61,66,382. ubi cres,ubi tech park.6ph for 1st 5wkg days.??n
oh k...i'm watching here:)
saw guys and dolls last night with patrick swayze it was great
what year. and how many miles.
he says hi and to get your ass back to south tampa (preferably at a kegger)
don???t give a flying monkeys wot they think and i certainly don???t mind. any friend of mine and all that!
dear,me at cherthala.in case u r coming cochin pls call bfore u start.i shall also reach accordingly.or tell me which day u r coming.tmorow i am engaged ans its holiday.
it's really getting me down just hanging around.
nice line said by a broken heart- plz don't cum 1 more times infront of me... other wise once again i ll trust u... good 9t:)
he neva grumble but i sad lor... hee... buy tmr lor aft lunch. but we still meetin 4 lunch tmr a not. neva hear fr them lei. ?? got a lot of work ar?
you are sweet as well, princess. please tell me your likes and dislikes in bed...
aah bless! how's your arm?
ladies first and genus second k .
dude. what's up. how teresa. hope you have been okay. when i didnt hear from these people, i called them and they had received the package since dec  &lt;#&gt; . just thot you'ld like to know. do have a fantastic year and all the best with your reading. plus if you can really really bam first aid for usmle, then your work is done.
gud ni8.swt drms.take care
am not interested to do like that.
still work going on:)it is very small house.
will do. have a good day
still otside le..u come 2morrow maga..
ok....take care.umma to you too...
at the funeral home with audrey and dad
dear i have reache room
check with nuerologist.
right it wasnt you who phoned it was someone with a number like yours!
500 free text msgs. just text ok to 80488 and we'll credit your account
1. tension face 2. smiling face 3. waste face 4. innocent face 5.terror face 6.cruel face 7.romantic face 8.lovable face 9.decent face  &lt;#&gt; .joker face.
he said i look pretty wif long hair wat. but i thk he's cutting quite short 4 me leh.
mmm thats better now i got a roast down me! i??d b better if i had a few drinks down me 2! good indian?
i am in escape theatre now. . going to watch kavalan in a few minutes
i think i've fixed it can you send a test message?
from tomorrow onwards eve 6 to 3 work.
misplaced your number and was sending texts to your old number. wondering why i've not heard from you this year. all the best in your mcat. got this number from my atlanta friends
i had a good time too. its nice to do something a bit different with my weekends for a change. see ya soon
well good morning mr . hows london treatin' ya treacle?
lol you forgot it eh ? yes, i'll bring it in babe
al he does is moan at me if n e thin goes wrong its my fault&al de arguments r my fault&fed up of him of himso y bother? hav 2go, thanx.xx
captain vijaykanth is doing comedy in captain tv..he is drunken :)
i am thinking of going down to reg for pract lessons.. flung my advance.. haha wat time u going?
hmm .. bits and pieces lol ... *sighs* ...
hey tmr maybe can meet you at yck
fun fact: although you would think armand would eventually build up a tolerance or some shit considering how much he smokes, he gets fucked up in like 2 hits
i'm hungry buy smth home...
what's happening with you. have you gotten a job and have you begun registration for permanent residency
apo all other are mokka players only
smsservices. for yourinclusive text credits, pls goto www.comuk.net login= 3qxj9 unsubscribe with stop, no extra charge. help 08702840625.comuk. 220-cm2 9ae
hello.how u doing?what u been up 2?when will u b moving out of the flat, cos i will need to arrange to pick up the lamp, etc. take care. hello caroline!
when u love someone dont make them to love u as much as u do. but love them so much that they dont want to be loved by anyone except you... gud nit.
that is wondar full flim.
i am hot n horny and willing i live local to you - text a reply to hear strt back from me 150p per msg netcollex ltdhelpdesk: 02085076972 reply stop to end
hi dude hw r u da realy mising u today
den wat will e schedule b lk on sun?
k will do, addie &amp; i are doing some art so i'll be here when you get home
yo theres no class tmrw right?
so how's the weather over there?
huh? 6 also cannot? then only how many mistakes?
winner!! as a valued network customer you have been selected to receivea ??900 prize reward! to claim call 09061701461. claim code kl341. valid 12 hours only.
no, i was trying it all weekend ;v
sorry, i'll call later
why must we sit around and wait for summer days to celebrate. such a magical sight when the worlds dressed in white. oooooh let there be snow.
yeah, give me a call if you've got a minute
tick, tick, tick .... where are you ? i could die of loneliness you know ! *pouts* *stomps feet* i need you ...
married local women looking for discreet action now! 5 real matches instantly to your phone. text match to 69969 msg cost 150p 2 stop txt stop bcmsfwc1n3xx
the guy did some bitching but i acted like i'd be interested in buying something else next week and he gave it to us for free
i'm glad. you are following your dreams.
sez, hows u & de arab boy? hope u r all good give my love 2 evry1 love ya eshxxxxxxxxxxx
where are you ? what are you doing ? are yuou working on getting the pc to your mom's ? did you find a spot that it would work ? i need you
hey, looks like i was wrong and one of the kappa guys numbers is still on my phone, if you want i can text him and see if he's around
hi, mobile no.  &lt;#&gt;  has added you in their contact list on www.fullonsms.com it s a great place to send free sms to people for more visit fullonsms.com
that's one of the issues but california is okay. no snow so its manageable
urgent! we are trying to contact u. todays draw shows that you have won a ??2000 prize guaranteed. call 09058094507 from land line. claim 3030. valid 12hrs only
yes we are chatting too.
fair enough, anything going on?
ok lor ?_ reaching then message me.
hi..i got the money da:)
no. 1 nokia tone 4 ur mob every week! just txt nok to 87021. 1st tone free ! so get txtin now and tell ur friends. 150p/tone. 16 reply hl 4info
the greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart....gn tc
takin a shower now but yeah i'll leave when i'm done
carlos is taking his sweet time as usual so let me know when you and patty are done/want to smoke and i'll tell him to haul ass
sos! any amount i can get pls.
rats. hey did u ever vote for the next themes?
i went to project centre
i'm a guy, browsin is compulsory
blank is blank. but wat is blank? lol
i'm home.
princess, i like to make love  &lt;#&gt;  times per night. hope thats not a problem!
nvm take ur time.
sorry, my battery died, i can come by but i'm only getting a gram for now, where's your place?
i absolutely love south park! i only recently started watching the office.
printer is cool. i mean groovy. wine is groovying
the message sent is askin for  &lt;#&gt; dollars. shoul i pay  &lt;#&gt;  or  &lt;#&gt; ?
darren was saying dat if u meeting da ge den we dun meet 4 dinner. cos later u leave xy will feel awkward. den u meet him 4 lunch lor.
\alright babe
bill, as in: are there any letters for me. i???m expecting one from orange that isn???t a bill but may still say orange on it.
i will be gentle princess! we will make sweet gentle love...
take us out shopping and mark will distract isaiah.=d
cramps stopped. going back to sleep
yar lor he wan 2 go c horse racing today mah, so eat earlier lor. i ate chicken rice. u?
i fetch yun or u fetch?
a guy who gets used but is too dumb to realize it.
oh ho. is this the first time u use these type of words
ok i'm gonna head up to usf in like fifteen minutes
just finished. missing you plenty
you can never do nothing
thats cool. i want to please you...
we don call like  &lt;#&gt;  times oh. no give us hypertension oh.
hiya hows it going in sunny africa? hope u r avin a good time. give that big old silver back a big kiss from me.
dun b sad.. it's over.. dun thk abt it already. concentrate on ur other papers k.
he says hi and to get your ass back to south tampa (preferably at a kegger)
daddy, shu shu is looking 4 u... u wan me 2 tell him u're not in singapore or wat?
should i buy him a blackberry bold 2 or torch. should i buy him new or used. let me know. plus are you saying i should buy the  &lt;#&gt; g wifi ipad. and what are you saying about the about the  &lt;#&gt; g?
do not b late love mum
hi, can i please get a  &lt;#&gt;  dollar loan from you. i.ll pay you back by mid february. pls.
at bruce b downs &amp; fletcher now
where's mummy's boy ? is he being good or bad ? is he being positive or negative ? why is mummy being made to wait? hmmmm?
perhaps * is much easy give your account identification, so i will tomorrow at uni
yes. last  practice
good friends care for each other.. close friends understand each other... and true friends stay forever beyond words, beyond time. gud ni8
yes fine
whatsup there. dont u want to sleep
waiting 4 my tv show 2 start lor... u leh still busy doing ur report?
the wine is flowing and i'm i have nevering..
i'll be in sch fr 4-6... i dun haf da book in sch... it's at home...
omg if its not one thing its another. my cat has worms :/ when does this bad day end?
my house here e sky quite dark liao... if raining then got excuse not 2 run already rite... hee...
okmail: dear dave this is your final notice to collect your 4* tenerife holiday or #5000 cash award! call 09061743806 from landline. tcs sae box326 cw25wx 150ppm
no objection. my bf not coming.
it didnt work again oh. ok goodnight then. i.ll fix and have it ready by the time you wake up. you are very dearly missed have a good night sleep.
yup having my lunch buffet now.. u eat already?
ok . . now i am in bus. . if i come soon i will come otherwise tomorrow
please don't text me anymore. i have nothing else to say.
can't take any major roles in community outreach. you rock mel
huh means computational science... y they like dat one push here n there...
urgent! call 09066350750 from your landline. your complimentary 4* ibiza holiday or 10,000 cash await collection sae t&cs po box 434 sk3 8wp 150 ppm 18+
wish u many many returns of the day.. happy birthday vikky..
good evening! how are you?
k.k:)advance happy pongal.
stupid.its not possible
me not waking up until 4 in the afternoon, sup
i promise to take good care of you, princess. i have to run now. please send pics when you get a chance. ttyl!
naughty little thought: 'its better to flirt, flirt n flirt, rather than loving someone n gettin hurt, hurt n hurt...:-) gud nyt
have you been practising your curtsey?
noice. text me when you're here
i dont know why she.s not getting your messages
aight will do, thanks again for comin out
havent still waitin as usual... ?? come back sch oredi?
how is your schedule next week? i am out of town this weekend.
please call our customer service representative on 0800 169 6031 between 10am-9pm as you have won a guaranteed ??1000 cash or ??5000 prize!
k, can i pick up another 8th when you're done?
today is accept day..u accept me as? brother sister lover dear1 best1 clos1 lvblefrnd jstfrnd cutefrnd lifpartnr belovd swtheart bstfrnd no rply means enemy
oh you got many responsibilities.
yetunde i'm in class can you not run water on it to make it ok. pls now.
i'm still pretty weak today .. bad day ?
cud u tell ppl im gona b a bit l8 cos 2 buses hav gon past cos they were full & im still waitin 4 1. pete x
oh :-)only 4 outside players allowed to play know
change windows logoff sound..
do u konw waht is rael friendship im gving yuo an exmpel: jsut ese tihs msg.. evrey splleing of tihs msg is wrnog.. bt sitll yuo can raed it wihtuot ayn mitsake.. goodnight &amp; have a nice sleep..sweet dreams..
(no promises on when though, haven't even gotten dinner yet)
you are chosen to receive a ??350 award! pls call claim number 09066364311 to collect your award which you are selected to receive as a valued mobile customer.
you are gorgeous! keep those pix cumming :) thank you!
will u meet ur dream partner soon? is ur career off 2 a flyng start? 2 find out free, txt horo followed by ur star sign, e. g. horo aries
chile, please! it's only a  &lt;decimal&gt;  hour drive for me. i come down all the time and will be subletting feb-april for audition season.
i'm in inside office..still filling forms.don know when they leave me.
she doesnt need any test.
thats cool! i am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
call 09094100151 to use ur mins! calls cast 10p/min (mob vary). service provided by aom, just gbp5/month. aom box61,m60 1er until u stop. ages 18+ only!
sindu got job in birla soft ..
ee msg na poortiyagi odalebeku: hanumanji 7 name 1-hanuman 2-bajarangabali 3-maruti 4-pavanaputra 5-sankatmochan 6-ramaduth 7-mahaveer ee 7 name  &lt;#&gt;  janarige ivatte kalisidare next saturday olage ondu good news keluviri...! maretare inde 1 dodda problum nalli siguviri idu matra  &lt;#&gt; % true.. don't neglet.
also remember to get dobby's bowl from your car
good morning plz call me sir
\im at arestaurant eating squid! i will be out about 10:30 wanna dosomething or is that to late?\""
fyi i'm gonna call you sporadically starting at like  &lt;#&gt;  bc we are not not doin this shit
hi di is yijue we're meeting at 7 pm at esaplanade tonight.
awesome, think we can get an 8th at usf some time tonight?
oh... i was thkin of goin yogasana at 10 den no nd to go at 3 den can rush to parco 4 nb... okie lor, u call me when ready...
sms services. for your inclusive text credits, pls goto www.comuk.net login= 3qxj9 unsubscribe with stop, no extra charge. help 08702840625.comuk. 220-cm2 9ae
todays voda numbers ending 5226 are selected to receive a ?350 award. if you hava a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 1131 standard rates app
they finally came to fix the ceiling.
i know you are serving. i mean what are you doing now.
ya had just now.onion roast.
\ah poor baby!hope urfeeling bettersn luv! probthat overdose of work hey go careful spk 2 u sn lots of lovejen xxx.\""
thanx...
how many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
urgent! your mobile no was awarded a ??2,000 bonus caller prize on 1/08/03! this is our 2nd attempt to contact you! call 0871-4719-523 box95qu bt national rate
i cant pick the phone right now. pls send a message
we know taj mahal as symbol of love. but the other lesser known facts 1. mumtaz was shahjahan's 4th wife, out of his 7 wifes. 2. shahjahan killed mumtaz's husband to marry her. 3. mumtaz died in her  &lt;#&gt; th delivery. 4. he then married mumtaz's sister. question arises where the hell is the love?:-| -the great hari-
give me a sec to think think about it
from someone not to smoke when every time i've smoked in the last two weeks is because of you calling or texting me that you wanted to smoke
not really dude, have no friends i'm afraid :(
just sent you an email ??? to an address with incomm in it, is that right?
wish i were with you now!
ur going 2 bahamas! callfreefone 08081560665 and speak to a live operator to claim either bahamas cruise of??2000 cash 18+only. to opt out txt x to 07786200117
i can. but it will tell quite long, cos i haven't finish my film yet...
all was well until slightly disastrous class this pm with my fav darlings! hope day off ok. coffee wld be good as can't stay late tomorrow. same time + place as always?
i am at the gas station. go there.
oh ya... got hip hop open. haha i was thinking can go for jazz then zoom to cine... actually tonight i'm free leh... and there's a kb lesson tonight
oh yah... we never cancel leh... haha
hi! you just spoke to maneesha v. we'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. reply toll free with yes or no.
finally the match heading towards draw as your prediction.
nope. since ayo travelled, he has forgotten his guy
filthy stories and girls waiting for your
had your contract mobile 11 mnths? latest motorola, nokia etc. all free! double mins & text on orange tariffs. text yes for callback, no to remove from records.
ya, i'm referin to mei's ex wat... no ah, waitin 4 u to treat, somebody shld b rich liao...so gd, den u dun have to work frm tmr onwards...
bloomberg -message center +447797706009 why wait? apply for your future http://careers. bloomberg.com
you always make things bigger than they are
wat makes some people dearer is not just de happiness dat u feel when u meet them but de pain u feel when u miss dem!!!
oh yeah i forgot. u can only take 2 out shopping at once.
mostly sports type..lyk footbl,crckt..
sleeping nt feeling well
wat makes some people dearer is not just de happiness dat u feel when u meet them but de pain u feel when u miss dem!!!
why tired what special there you had
who are you seeing?
no i'm good for the movie, is it ok if i leave in an hourish?
sorry, i'll call later
well boy am i glad g wasted all night at applebees for nothing
i love to cuddle! i want to hold you in my strong arms right now...
i have a sore throat. it's scratches when i talk
do u knw dis no. &lt;#&gt; ?
oops - am at my mum's in somerset... bit far! back tomo, see you soon x
good evening sir, al salam wahleykkum.sharing a happy news.by the grace of god, i got an offer from tayseer,tissco and i joined.hope you are fine.inshah allah,meet you sometime.rakhesh,visitor from india.
thanks for being there for me just to talk to on saturday. you are very dear to me. i cherish having you as a brother and role model.
i'll talk to the others and probably just come early tomorrow then
i to am looking forward to all the sex cuddling.. only two more sleeps
like  &lt;#&gt; , same question
get the official england poly ringtone or colour flag on yer mobile for tonights game! text tone or flag to 84199. optout txt eng stop box39822 w111wx ??1.50
nope i waiting in sch 4 daddy...
he said that he had a right giggle when he saw u again! you would possibly be the first person2die from nvq, but think how much you could for!
jus finish blowing my hair. u finish dinner already?
free msg. sorry, a service you ordered from 81303 could not be delivered as you do not have sufficient credit. please top up to receive the service.
when people see my msgs, they think iam addicted to msging... they are wrong, bcoz they don\'t know that iam addicted to my sweet friends..!! bslvyl
nt yet chikku..simple habba..hw abt u?
lol great now im getting hungry.
hey girl. how r u? hope u r well me an del r bak! again long time no c! give me a call sum time from lucyxx
ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
ok.. ?? finishing soon?
hey sexy buns ! have i told you ? i adore you, loverboy. i hope you remember to thank your sister in law for those meatballs *grins* ... i love you, babe
enjoy ur life. . good night
the guy (kadeem) hasn't been selling since the break, i know one other guy but he's paranoid as fuck and doesn't like selling without me there and i can't be up there til late tonight
ou are guaranteed the latest nokia phone, a 40gb ipod mp3 player or a ??500 prize! txt word: collect to no: 83355! ibhltd ldnw15h 150p/mtmsgrcvd18
yup
hi there, 2nights ur lucky night! uve been invited 2 xchat, the uks wildest chat! txt chat to 86688 now! 150p/msgrcvdhg/suite342/2lands/row/w1j6hl ldn 18yrs
hai priya are you right. what doctor said pa. where are you.
i dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
if you want to mapquest it or something look up \usf dogwood drive\"
u are subscribed to the best mobile content service in the uk for ??3 per ten days until you send stop to 83435. helpline 08706091795.
what is important is that you prevent dehydration by giving her enough fluids
babe ! how goes that day ? what are you doing ? where are you ? i sip my cappuccino and think of you, my love ... i send a kiss to you from across the sea
aight sorry i take ten years to shower. what's the plan?
can u get pic msgs to your phone?
no no. i will check all rooms befor activities
how. its a little difficult but its a simple way to enter this place
yes princess! i want to please you every night. your wish is my command...
thursday night? yeah, sure thing, we'll work it out then
not sure yet, still trying to get a hold of him
i thk u dun haf 2 hint in e forum already lor... cos i told ron n darren is going 2 tell shuhui.
y bishan lei... i tot ?_ say lavender?
hi babe its me thanks for coming even though it didnt go that well!i just wanted my bed! hope to see you soon love and kisses xxx
jamster! to get your free wallpaper text heart to 88888 now! t&c apply. 16 only. need help? call 08701213186.
cos darren say ?_ considering mah so i ask ?_...
be happy there. i will come after noon
so that means you still think of teju
have you had a good day? mine was really busy are you up to much tomorrow night?
u repeat e instructions again. wat's e road name of ur house?
lul im gettin some juicy gossip at the hospital. two nurses are talking about how fat they are gettin. and one thinks shes obese. oyea.
shall i send that exe to your mail id.
this is the 2nd time we have tried 2 contact u. u have won the 750 pound prize. 2 claim is easy, call 08712101358 now! only 10p per min. bt-national-rate
good morning princess! how are you?
i don't run away frm u... i walk slowly &amp; it kills me that u don't care enough to stop me...
much better now thanks lol
hi. i'm always online on yahoo and would like to chat with you someday
thanks for the vote. now sing along with the stars with karaoke on your mobile. for a free link just reply with sing now.
actually i deleted my old website..now i m blogging at magicalsongs.blogspot.com
lol what happens in vegas stays in vegas
feel yourself that you are always happy.. slowly it becomes your habit &amp; finally it becomes part of your life.. follow it.. happy morning &amp; have a happy day:)
okie
k still are you loving me.
love it! daddy will make you scream with pleasure! i am going to slap your ass with my dick!
staff.science.nus.edu.sg/~phyhcmk/teaching/pc1323
you have won a nokia 7250i. this is what you get when you win our free auction. to take part send nokia to 86021 now. hg/suite342/2lands row/w1jhl 16+
never blame a day in ur life. good days give u happiness. bad days give u experience. both are essential in life! all are gods blessings! good morning.:
if you don't respond imma assume you're still asleep and imma start calling n shit
congrats kano..whr s the treat maga?
aiyo a bit pai seh ?_ noe... scared he dun rem who i am then die... hee... but he become better lookin oredi leh...
ya just telling abt tht incident..
good morning princess! happy new year!
crazy ar he's married. ?? like gd looking guys not me. my frens like say he's korean leona's fave but i dun thk he is. aft some thinking mayb most prob i'll go.
i hope your pee burns tonite.
sorry i missed your call let's talk when you have the time. i'm on 07090201529
yo im right by yo work
i don't want you to leave. but i'm barely doing what i can to stay sane. fighting with you constantly isn't helping.
so can collect ur laptop?
hey morning what you come to ask:-) pa...
hey.. something came up last min.. think i wun be signing up tmr.. hee
hey...great deal...farm tour 9am to 5pm $95/pax, $50 deposit by 16 may
we live in the next  &lt;#&gt; mins
camera - you are awarded a sipix digital camera! call 09061221066 fromm landline. delivery within 28 days.
tell me something. thats okay.
as a sim subscriber, you are selected to receive a bonus! get it delivered to your door, txt the word ok to no: 88600 to claim. 150p/msg, exp. 30apr
yeah we wouldn't leave for an hour at least, how's 4 sound?
i am literally in bed and have been up for like  &lt;#&gt;  hours
there bold 2  &lt;#&gt; . is that yours
ok im not sure what time i finish tomorrow but i wanna spend the evening with you cos that would be vewy vewy lubly! love me xxx
you have won a guaranteed ??200 award or even ??1000 cashto claim ur award call free on 08000407165 (18+) 2 stop getstop on 88222 php
k:)k..its good:)when are you going?
i dun thk i'll quit yet... hmmm, can go jazz ? yogasana oso can... we can go meet em after our lessons den...
kallis is ready for bat in 2nd innings
sorry, was in the bathroom, sup
sun ah... thk mayb can if dun have anythin on... thk have to book e lesson... e pilates is at orchard mrt u noe hor...
'an amazing quote'' - \sometimes in life its difficult to decide whats wrong!! a lie that brings a smile or the truth that brings a tear....\""
but my family not responding for anything. now am in room not went to home for diwali but no one called me and why not coming. it makes me feel like died.
yo chad which gymnastics class do you wanna take? the site says christians class is full..
u coming 2 pick me?
huh so fast... dat means u havent finished painting?
aight yo, dats straight dogg
you didnt complete your gist oh.
hello. no news on job, they are making me wait a fifth week! yeah im up for some woozles and weasels... in exeter still, but be home about 3.
burger king - wanna play footy at a top stadium? get 2 burger king before 1st sept and go large or super with coca-cola and walk out a winner
wanna have a laugh? try chit-chat on your mobile now! logon by txting the word: chat and send it to no: 8883 cm po box 4217 london w1a 6zf 16+ 118p/msg rcvd
you might want to pull out more just in case and just plan on not spending it if you can, i don't have much confidence in derek and taylor's money management
hey come online! use msn... we are all there
how much did ur hdd casing cost.
oh rite. well im with my best mate pete, who i went out with 4 a week+ now were 2geva again. its been longer than a week.
haha, that was the first person i was gonna ask
tells u 2 call 09066358152 to claim ??5000 prize. u have 2 enter all ur mobile & personal details @ the prompts. careful!
if you mean the website. yes.
well done, blimey, exercise, yeah, i kinda remember wot that is, hmm.
u're welcome... caught u using broken english again...
never y lei... i v lazy... got wat? dat day ?_ send me da url cant work one...
my planning usually stops at \find hella weed
ok lor. anyway i thk we cant get tickets now cos like quite late already. u wan 2 go look 4 ur frens a not? darren is wif them now...
hot live fantasies call now 08707509020 just 20p per min ntt ltd, po box 1327 croydon cr9 5wb 0870..k
what should i eat fo lunch senor
how long does applebees fucking take
\si.como no?!listened2the plaid album-quite gd&the new air1 which is hilarious-also bought??braindance??a comp.ofstuff on aphex??s ;abel
i can't believe how attached i am to seeing you every day. i know you will do the best you can to get to me babe. i will go to teach my class at your midnight
i accidentally brought em home in the box
when people see my msgs, they think iam addicted to msging... they are wrong, bcoz they don\'t know that iam addicted to my sweet friends..!! bslvyl
da is good good player.why he is unsold.
87077: kick off a new season with 2wks free goals & news to ur mobile! txt ur club name to 87077 eg villa to 87077
what's up bruv, hope you had a great break. do have a rewarding semester.
siva is in hostel aha:-.
who's there say hi to our drugdealer
wot u up 2 j?
hope you are feeling great. pls fill me in. abiola
probably not, still going over some stuff here
free ringtone text first to 87131 for a poly or text get to 87131 for a true tone! help? 0845 2814032 16 after 1st free, tones are 3x??150pw to e??nd txt stop
fwiw the reason i'm only around when it's time to smoke is that because of gas i can only afford to be around when someone tells me to be and that apparently only happens when somebody wants to light up
your free ringtone is waiting to be collected. simply text the password \mix\" to 85069 to verify. get usher and britney. fml  mk17 92h. 450ppw 16"
dizzamn, aight i'll ask my suitemates when i get back
i think if he rule tamilnadu..then its very tough for our people.
free for 1st week! no1 nokia tone 4 ur mob every week just txt nokia to 87077 get txting and tell ur mates. zed pobox 36504 w45wq norm150p/tone 16+
no. its not specialisation. can work but its slave labor. will look for it this month sha cos no shakara 4 beggar.
no did you check? i got his detailed message now
i know! grumpy old people. my mom was like you better not be lying. then again i am always the one to play jokes...
honeybee said: *i'm d sweetest in d world* god laughed &amp; said: *wait,u havnt met d person reading this msg* moral: even god can crack jokes! gm+gn+ge+gn:)
i called and said all to him:)then he have to choose this future.
i've been barred from all b and q stores for life!?this twat in orange dungerees came up to me and asked if i wanted decking? so i got the first punch in!!
i bought the test yesterday. its something that lets you know the exact day u ovulate.when will get 2u in about 2 to 3wks. but pls pls dont fret. i know u r worried. pls relax. also is there anything in ur past history u need to tell me?
when should i come over?
i'm thinking that chennai forgot to come for auction..
i'm really sorry i lit your hair on fire
miss call miss call khelate kintu opponenter miss call dhorte lage. thats d rule. one with great phone receiving quality wins.
hope you??re not having too much fun without me!! see u tomorrow love jess x
ok that would b lovely, if u r sure. think about wot u want to do, drinkin, dancin, eatin, cinema, in, out, about... up to u! wot about ?
the guy at the car shop who was flirting with me got my phone number from the paperwork and called and texted me. i'm nervous because of course now he may have my address. should i call his boss and tell him, knowing this may get him fired?
aathi..where are you dear..
say this slowly.? god,i love you &amp; i need you,clean my heart with your blood.send this to ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it...
hey you around? i've got enough for a half + the ten i owe you
haven't eaten all day. i'm sitting here staring at this juicy pizza and i can't eat it. these meds are ruining my life.
yup... ok i go home look at the timings then i msg ?_ again... xuhui going to learn on 2nd may too but her lesson is at 8am
so is there anything specific i should be doing with regards to jaklin or what because idk what the fuck
honeybee said: *i'm d sweetest in d world* god laughed &amp; said: *wait,u havnt met d person reading this msg* moral: even god can crack jokes! gm+gn+ge+gn:)
promotion number: 8714714 - ur awarded a city break and could win a ??200 summer shopping spree every wk. txt store to 88039 . skilgme. tscs087147403231winawk!age16 ??1.50perwksub
okie
you have 1 new message. call 0207-083-6089
kaiez... enjoy ur tuition... gee... thk e second option sounds beta... i'll go yan jiu den msg u...
frnd s not juz a word.....not merely a relationship.....its a silent promise which says ... \ i will be with you \" wherevr.. whenevr.. forevr... gudnyt dear.."
i am in hospital da. . i will return home in evening
should i tell my friend not to come round til like  &lt;#&gt; ish?
win: we have a winner! mr. t. foley won an ipod! more exciting prizes soon, so keep an eye on ur mobile or visit www.win-82050.co.uk
can you call me plz. your number shows out of coveragd area. i have urgnt call in vasai &amp; have to reach before 4'o clock so call me plz
if u sending her home first it's ok lor. i'm not ready yet.
i sent my scores to sophas and i had to do secondary application for a few schools. i think if you are thinking of applying, do a research on cost also. contact joke ogunrinde, her school is one me the less expensive ones
its ok, called mom instead have fun
that was random saw my old roomate on campus. he graduated
sms services. for your inclusive text credits, pls goto www.comuk.net login= ***** unsubscribe with stop. no extra charge. help:08700469649. po box420. ip4 5we
s.this will increase the chance of winning.
i'll be late...
i cant pick the phone right now. pls send a message
oh sorry please its over
?? no home work to do meh...
hmmm...k...but i want to change the field quickly da:-)i wanna get system administrator or network administrator..
i tot u outside cos darren say u come shopping. of course we nice wat. we jus went sim lim look at mp3 player.
hi, wkend ok but journey terrible. wk not good as have huge back log of marking to do
gent! we are trying to contact you. last weekends draw shows that you won a ??1000 prize guaranteed. call 09064012160. claim code k52. valid 12hrs only. 150ppm
i noe la... u wana pei bf oso rite... k lor, other days den...
i was gonna ask you lol but i think its at 7
buzzzz! *grins* did i buzz your ass? buzz your chest ? buzz your cock ? where do you keep your phone ? is the vibrator on ? did you feel it shake ?
goodmorning sleeping ga.
http//tms. widelive.com/index. wml?id=820554ad0a1705572711&first=true??c c ringtone??
a bloo bloo bloo i'll miss the first bowl
went fast asleep dear.take care.
yo, you at jp and hungry like a mofo?
minimum walk is 3miles a day.
no calls..messages..missed calls
that's cool he'll be here all night, lemme know when you're around
shit that is really shocking and scary, cant imagine for a second. def up for night out. do u think there is somewhere i could crash for night, save on taxi?
sorry da..today i wont come to play..i have driving clas..
we are at grandmas. oh dear, u still ill? i felt shit this morning but i think i am just hungover! another night then. we leave on sat.
yes..gauti and sehwag out of odi series.
pls what's the full name of joke's school cos fees in university of florida seem to actually be  &lt;#&gt; k. pls holla back
bishan lar nearer... no need buy so early cos if buy now i gotta park my car...
our brand new mobile music service is now live. the free music player will arrive shortly. just install on your phone to browse content from the top artists.
talk to g and x about that
i will send them to your email. do you mind  &lt;#&gt;  times per night?
dear where you. call me
eat jap done oso aft ur lect wat... ?? got lect at 12 rite...
all these nice new shirts and the only thing i can wear them to is nudist themed ;_; you in mu?
ur going 2 bahamas! callfreefone 08081560665 and speak to a live operator to claim either bahamas cruise of??2000 cash 18+only. to opt out txt x to 07786200117
er mw im filled tuth is aight
how are you, my love ? are you with your brother ? time to talk english with him ? *grins* say : hey muhommad, penny says hello from across the sea
mm umma ask vava also to come tell him can play later together
ditto. and you won't have to worry about me saying anything to you anymore. like i said last night, you do whatever you want and i'll do the same. peace.
convey my regards to him
was doing my test earlier. i appreciate you. will call you tomorrow.
*deep sigh* ... i miss you :-( ... i am really surprised you haven't gone to the net cafe yet to get to me ... don't you miss me?
sary just need tim in the bollox &it hurt him a lot so he tol me!
ha... u jus ate honey ar? so sweet...
.please charge my mobile when you get up in morning.
tbs/persolvo. been chasing us since sept for??38 definitely not paying now thanks to your information. we will ignore them. kath. manchester.
so are you guys asking that i get that slippers again or its gone with last year
hmm yeah if your not too grooved out! and im looking forward to my pound special :)
is that on the telly? no its brdget jones!
i know complain num only..bettr directly go to bsnl offc nd apply for it..
its like that hotel dusk game i think. you solve puzzles in a area thing
thank you. and by the way, i just lost.
i love ya too but try and budget your money better babe. gary would freak on me if he knew
ummmmmaah many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. happy birthday dear
what happen to her tell the truth
i went to ur hon lab but no one is there.
thanks for your ringtone order, ref number r836. your mobile will be charged ??4.50. should your tone not arrive please call customer services on 09065069154
congratulations! thanks to a good friend u have won the ??2,000 xmas prize. 2 claim is easy, just call 08718726971 now! only 10p per minute. bt-national-rate.
todays voda numbers ending 1225 are selected to receive a ??50award. if you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 3100 standard rates app
what time u wrkin?
do you want a new video handset? 750 anytime any network mins? half price line rental? camcorder? reply or call 08000930705 for delivery tomorrow
i'll meet you in the lobby
lol now i'm after that hot air balloon!
then we gotta do it after that
short but cute: \be a good person
your credits have been topped up for http://www.bubbletext.com your renewal pin is tgxxrz
that sucks. so what do you got planned for your yo valentine? i am your yo valentine aren't i?
is there a reason we've not spoken this year? anyways have a great week and all the best in your exam
yes i started to send requests to make it but pain came back so i'm back in bed. double coins at the factory too. i gotta cash in all my nitros.
ok... but they said i've got wisdom teeth hidden inside n mayb need 2 remove.
let me know how it changes in the next 6hrs. it can even be appendix but you are out of that age range. however its not impossible. so just chill and let me know in 6hrs
horrible gal. me in sch doing some stuff. how come u got mc?
phony ??350 award - todays voda numbers ending xxxx are selected to receive a ??350 award. if you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 3100 standard rates app
tension ah?what machi?any problem?
storming msg: wen u lift d phne, u say \hello\" do u knw wt is d real meaning of hello?? . . . it's d name of a girl..! . . . yes.. and u knw who is dat girl?? \"margaret hello\" she is d girlfrnd f grahmbell who invnted telphone... . . . . moral:one can 4get d name of a person
call me when you get the chance plz &lt;3
what do u want when i come back?.a beautiful necklace as a token of my heart for you.thats what i will give but only to my wife of my liking.be that and see..no one can give you that.dont call me.i will wait till i come.
ok. there may be a free gym about.
helloooo... wake up..! \sweet\" \"morning\" \"welcomes\" \"you\" \"enjoy\" \"this day\" \"with full of joy\".. \"gud mrng\"."
a swt thought: \nver get tired of doing little things 4 lovable persons..\" coz..somtimes those little things occupy d biggest part in their hearts.. gud ni8"
you are right. meanwhile how's project twins comin up
boy you best get yo ass out here quick
damn, can you make it tonight or do you want to just wait til tomorrow
boo. how's things? i'm back at home and a little bored already :-(
i am going to bed now prin
ha... both of us doing e same thing. but i got tv 2 watch. u can thk of where 2 go tonight or u already haf smth in mind...
hi 07734396839 ibh customer loyalty offer: the new nokia6600 mobile from only ??10 at txtauction!txt word:start to no:81151 & get yours now!4t&
ah, well that confuses things, doesnt it? i thought was friends with now. maybe i did the wrong thing but i already sort of invited -tho he may not come cos of money.
i'm reaching home in 5 min.
sorry, i'll call later
i cant pick the phone right now. pls send a message
piss is talking is someone that realise u that point this at is it.(now read it backwards)
urgent urgent! we have 800 free flights to europe to give away, call b4 10th sept & take a friend 4 free. call now to claim on 09050000555. ba128nnfwfly150ppm
thanks for sending this mental ability question..
yeah hopefully, if tyler can't do it i could maybe ask around a bit
anyway holla at me whenever you're around because i need an excuse to go creep on people in sarasota
ok...
7 wonders in my world 7th you 6th ur style 5th ur smile 4th ur personality 3rd ur nature 2nd ur sms and 1st \ur lovely friendship\"... good morning dear"
hello baby, did you get back to your mom's ? are you setting up the computer now ? filling your belly ? how goes it loverboy ? i miss you already ... *sighs*
message:some text missing* sender:name missing* *number missing *sent:date missing *missing u a lot thats y everything is missing sent via fullonsms.com
tell them no need to investigate about me anywhere.
ela kano.,il download, come wen ur free..
i???m going to try for 2 months ha ha only joking
it's cool, we can last a little while. getting more any time soon?
thinkin about someone is all good. no drugs for that
yes when is the appt again?
i wanted to ask ?_ to wait 4 me to finish lect. cos my lect finishes in an hour anyway.
tell me they're female :v how're you throwing in? we're deciding what all to get now
you have won a nokia 7250i. this is what you get when you win our free auction. to take part send nokia to 86021 now. hg/suite342/2lands row/w1jhl 16+
as if i wasn't having enough trouble sleeping.
1's reach home call me.
buy one egg for me da..please:)
you have got tallent but you are wasting.
missed call alert. these numbers called but left no message. 07008009200
thanx a lot...
was actually about to send you a reminder today. have a wonderful weekend
is that what time you want me to come?
nope... juz off from work...
i cant pick the phone right now. pls send a message
this message is from a great doctor in india:-): 1) do not drink appy fizz. it contains cancer causing age
dear good morning how you feeling dear
sir, i need axis bank account no and bank address.
i am in tirupur.  call you da.
that's what i love to hear :v see you sundayish, then
call me, i am senthil from hsbc.
thanks for ve lovely wisheds. you rock
thanx. yup we coming back on sun. finish dinner going back 2 hotel now. time flies, we're tog 4 exactly a mth today. hope we'll haf many more mths to come...
ok i've sent u da latest version of da project.
vikky, come around  &lt;time&gt; ..
white fudge oreos are in stores
aight, you close by or still down around alex's place?
ok. i.ll do you right later.
no i don't have cancer. moms making a big deal out of a regular checkup aka pap smear
today i'm not workin but not free oso... gee... thgt u workin at ur fren's shop ?
talk with yourself atleast once in a day...!!! otherwise you will miss your best friend in this world...!!! -shakespeare- shesil  &lt;#&gt;
match started.india  &lt;#&gt;  for 2
thank you princess! i want to see your nice juicy booty...
at home watching tv lor.
<forwarded from 21870000>hi - this is your mailbox messaging sms alert. you have 4 messages. you have 21 matches. please call back on 09056242159 to retrieve your messages and matches
apart from the one i told you about yesterday?
yes :)it completely in out of form:)clark also utter waste.
aight, tomorrow around  &lt;#&gt;  it is
congrats ! treat pending.i am not on mail for 2 days.will mail once thru.respect mother at home.check mails.
guess who spent all last night phasing in and out of the fourth dimension
fine. do you remember me.
got fujitsu, ibm, hp, toshiba... got a lot of model how to say...
please sen :)my kind advice :-)please come here and try:-)
no. did you multimedia message them or e-mail?
sian... aft meeting supervisor got work 2 do liao... u working now?
only saturday and sunday holiday so its very difficult:)
hi! you just spoke to maneesha v. we'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. reply toll free with yes or no.
you are a winner u have been specially selected 2 receive ??1000 cash or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810810
g wants to know where the fuck you are
today my system sh get ready.all is well and i am also in the deep well
are you this much buzy
thts wat wright brother did to fly..
tessy..pls do me a favor. pls convey my birthday wishes to nimya..pls dnt forget it. today is her birthday shijas
cancel cheyyamo?and get some money back?
sday only joined.so training we started today:)
the sign of maturity is not when we start saying big things.. but actually it is, when we start understanding small things... *have a nice evening* bslvyl
was the farm open?
apps class varaya elaya.
not a lot has happened here. feels very quiet. beth is at her aunts and charlie is working lots. just me and helen in at the mo. how have you been?
then why you not responding
now thats going to ruin your thesis!
she's good. how are you. where r u working now
depends on where u going lor.
is avatar supposed to have subtoitles
oh, my love, it's soooo good to hear from you. omg i missed you so much today. i'm sorry your having problems with the provider but thank you for tming me
had your mobile 10 mths? update to the latest camera/video phones for free. keep ur same number, get extra free mins/texts. text yes for a call
i don't have anybody's number, i still haven't thought up a tactful way to ask alex
where u been hiding stranger?
juz go google n search 4 qet...
we are okay. going to sleep now. later
dont think you need yellow card for uk travel. ask someone that has gone before. if you do its just  &lt;#&gt; bucks
and also i've sorta blown him off a couple times recently so id rather not text him out of the blue looking for weed
ok ill send you with in  &lt;decimal&gt;  ok.
nope wif my sis lor... aft bathing my dog then i can bathe... looks like it's going 2 rain soon.
aiyah then i wait lor. then u entertain me. hee...
ok... take ur time n enjoy ur dinner...
and maybe some pressies
ok lor. i ned 2 go toa payoh 4 a while 2 return smth u wan 2 send me there or wat?
ok lor...
lol please do. actually send a pic of yourself right now. i wanna see. pose with a comb and hair dryer or something.
dunno y u ask me.
i can take you at like noon
watching tv lor... y she so funny we bluff her 4 wat. izzit because she thk it's impossible between us?
solve d case : a man was found murdered on  &lt;decimal&gt; . &lt;#&gt;  afternoon. 1,his wife called police. 2,police questioned everyone. 3,wife: sir,i was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.cook: i was cooking. 5.gardener: i was picking vegetables. 6.house-maid: i went 2 d post office. 7.children: we went 2 play. 8.neighbour: we went 2 a marriage. police arrested d murderer immediately. who's it? reply with reason, if u r brilliant.
good afternoon, my love ... how goes your day ? how did you sleep ? i hope your well, my boytoy ... i think of you ...
tell me whos this pls:-)
sorry i'm not free...
just getting back home
dear friends, sorry for the late information. today is the birthday of our loving ar.praveesh. for more details log on to face book and see. its his number + &lt;#&gt; . dont miss a delicious treat.
its a part of checking iq
sorry! u can not unsubscribe yet. the mob offer package has a min term of 54 weeks> pls resubmit request after expiry. reply themob help 4 more info
aiyah sorry lor... i watch tv watch until i forgot 2 check my phone.
haf u eaten? wat time u wan me 2 come?
just wait till end of march when el nino gets himself. oh.
send his number and give reply tomorrow morning for why you said that to him like that ok
i'm tired of arguing with you about this week after week. do what you want and from now on, i'll do the same.
oh ho. is this the first time u use these type of words
beautiful truth against gravity.. read carefully: \our heart feels light when someone is in it.. but it feels very heavy when someone leaves it..\" good night"
hello! just got here, st andrews-boy its a long way! its cold. i will keep you posted
ur balance is now ??500. ur next question is: who sang 'uptown girl' in the 80's ? 2 answer txt ur answer to 83600. good luck!
what was she looking for?
now press conference da:)
hiya, probably coming home * weekend after next
x course it 2yrs. just so her messages on messenger lik you r sending me
all boys made fun of me today. ok i have no problem. i just sent one message just for fun
lol yes. but it will add some spice to your day.
zoe it just hit me 2 im fucking shitin myself il defo try my hardest 2 cum 2morow luv u millions lekdog
y cant u try new invention to fly..i'm not joking.,
adult 18 content your video will be with you shortly
hahaha..use your brain dear
pass dis to all ur contacts n see wat u get! red;i'm in luv wid u. blue;u put a smile on my face. purple;u r realy hot. pink;u r so swt. orange;i thnk i lyk u. green;i realy wana go out wid u. yelow;i wnt u bck. black;i'm jealous of u. brown;i miss you nw plz giv me one color
roger that. we???re probably going to rem in about 20
it,,s a taxt massage....tie-pos argh ok! lool!
1) go to write msg 2) put on dictionary mode 3)cover the screen with hand, 4)press  &lt;#&gt; . 5)gently remove ur hand.. its interesting..:)
win the newest ???harry potter and the order of the phoenix (book 5) reply harry, answer 5 questions - chance to be the first among readers!
lmao. take a pic and send it to me.
:-) yeah! lol. luckily i didn't have a starring role like you!
idk. you keep saying that you're not, but since he moved, we keep butting heads over freedom vs. responsibility. and i'm tired. i have so much other shit to deal with that i'm barely keeping myself together once this gets added to it.
ugh my leg hurts. musta overdid it on mon.
you have won a guaranteed ??200 award or even ??1000 cashto claim ur award call free on 08000407165 (18+) 2 stop getstop on 88222 php. rg21 4jx
you are being contacted by our dating service by someone you know! to find out who it is, call from a land line 09050000928. pobox45w2tg150p
he's an adult and would learn from the experience. there's no real danger. i just dont like peeps using drugs they dont need. but no comment
win a year supply of cds 4 a store of ur choice worth ??500 & enter our ??100 weekly draw txt music to 87066 ts&cs www.ldew.com.subs16+1win150ppmx3
sorry, i'll call later
he's just gonna worry for nothing. and he won't give you money its no use.
then we wait 4 u lor... no need 2 feel bad lar...
hot live fantasies call now 08707509020 just 20p per min ntt ltd, po box 1327 croydon cr9 5wb 0870..k
text82228>> get more ringtones, logos and games from www.txt82228.com. questions: info@txt82228.co.uk
didn't try, g and i decided not to head out
do you still have the grinder?
we are hoping to get away by 7, from langport. you still up for town tonight?
haha, my friend tyler literally just asked if you could get him a dubsack
quite ok but a bit ex... u better go eat smth now else i'll feel guilty...
she left it very vague. she just said she would inform the person in accounting about the delayed rent and that i should discuss with the housing agency about my renting another place. but checking online now and all places around usc are  &lt;#&gt;  and up
you have been selected to stay in 1 of 250 top british hotels - for nothing! holiday worth ??350! to claim, call london 02072069400. bx 526, sw73ss
good afternoon, my love ! any job prospects ? are you missing me ? what do you do ? are you being lazy and bleak, hmmm ? or happy and filled with my love ?
ok... let u noe when i leave my house.
\alrite hunny!wot u up 2 2nite? didnt end up goin down town jus da pub instead! jus chillin at da mo in me bedroom!love jen xxx.\""
i've got ten bucks, jay is being noncomittal
hi :)finally i completed the course:)
dad says hurry the hell up
why nothing. ok anyway give me treat
i got your back! do you have any dislikes in bed?
hiya. how was last night? i've been naughty and bought myself clothes and very little ... ready for more shopping tho! what kind of time do you wanna meet?
didn't you get hep b immunisation in nigeria.
yo you guys ever figure out how much we need for alcohol? jay and i are trying to figure out how much we can safely spend on weed
yeah just open chat and click friend lists. then make the list. easy as pie
do you know when dad will be back?
i'm eatin now lor, but goin back to work soon... e mountain deer show huh... i watch b4 liao, very nice...
how much r ?_ willing to pay?
anything...
i av a new number,  . wil u only use this one,ta.
there generally isn't one. it's an uncountable noun - u in the dictionary. pieces of research?
aiyah u did ok already lar. e nydc at wheellock?
it could work, we'll reach a consensus at the next meeting
is there coming friday is leave for pongal?do you get any news from your work place.
wa, ur openin sentence very formal... anyway, i'm fine too, juz tt i'm eatin too much n puttin on weight...haha... so anythin special happened?
dude while were makin those weirdy brownies my sister made awesome cookies. i took pics.
lol no. just trying to make your day a little more interesting
alright, we're all set here, text the man
cashbin.co.uk (get lots of cash this weekend!) www.cashbin.co.uk dear welcome to the weekend we have got our biggest and best ever cash give away!! these..
urgent! we are trying to contact you. last weekends draw shows that you have won a ??900 prize guaranteed. call 09061701939. claim code s89. valid 12hrs only
what time you thinkin of goin?
wife.how she knew the time of murder exactly
eastenders tv quiz. what flower does dot compare herself to? d= violet e= tulip f= lily txt d e or f to 84025 now 4 chance 2 win ??100 cash wkent/150p16+
i cant wait to see you! how were the photos were useful? :)
i think asking for a gym is the excuse for lazy people. i jog.
i am seeking a lady in the street and a freak in the sheets. is that you?
sorry im getting up now, feel really bad- totally rejected that kinda me thing.
i got like $ &lt;#&gt; , i can get some more later though. get whatever you feel like
meeting u is my work. . . tel me when shall i do my work tomorrow
urgent! your mobile no 077xxx won a ??2,000 bonus caller prize on 02/06/03! this is the 2nd attempt to reach you! call 09066362206 asap! box97n7qp, 150ppm
you have an important customer service announcement from premier.
nothing really, just making sure everybody's up to speed
you see the requirements please
double mins and txts 4 6months free bluetooth on orange. available on sony, nokia motorola phones. call mobileupd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/n9dx
now am free call me pa.
yup
are you plans with your family set in stone ?
sorry, left phone upstairs. ok, might be hectic but would be all my birds with one fell swoop. it's a date.
solve d case : a man was found murdered on  &lt;decimal&gt; . &lt;#&gt;  afternoon. 1,his wife called police. 2,police questioned everyone. 3,wife: sir,i was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.cook: i was cooking. 5.gardener: i was picking vegetables. 6.house-maid: i went 2 d post office. 7.children: we went 2 play. 8.neighbour: we went 2 a marriage. police arrested d murderer immediately. who's it? reply with reason, if u r brilliant.
and he's apparently bffs with carly quick now
how are you. its been ages. how's abj
well obviously not because all the people in my cool college life went home ;_;
she.s good. she was wondering if you wont say hi but she.s smiling now. so how are you coping with the long distance
maybe westshore or hyde park village, the place near my house?
i am late. i will be there at
im gonna miss u so much
i don know account details..i will ask my mom and send you.my mom is out of reach now.
goodmorning,my grandfather expired..so am on leave today.
should i send you naughty pix? :)
sorry man, accidentally left my phone on silent last night and didn't check it til i got up
raji..pls do me a favour. pls convey my birthday wishes to nimya. pls. today is her birthday.
thanks for the temales it was wonderful. thank. have a great week.
ahhhh...just woken up!had a bad dream about u tho,so i dont like u right now :) i didnt know anything about comedy night but i guess im up for it.
we tried to call you re your reply to our sms for a video mobile 750 mins unlimited text + free camcorder reply of call 08000930705 now
sitting in mu waiting for everyone to get out of my suite so i can take a shower
good afternoon, babe. how goes that day ? any job prospects yet ? i miss you, my love ... *sighs* ... :-(
pls help me tell sura that i'm expecting a battery from hont. and that if should pls send me a message about how to download movies. thanks
can you use foreign stamps for whatever you send them off for?
lmao you know me so well...
you ve won! your 4* costa del sol holiday or ??5000 await collection. call 09050090044 now toclaim. sae, tc s, pobox334, stockport, sk38xh, cost??1.50/pm, max10mins
i'm doing da intro covers energy trends n pros n cons... brief description of nuclear fusion n oso brief history of iter n jet got abt 7 n half pages..
hi darlin im on helens fone im gonna b up the princes 2 nite please come up tb love kate
he remains a bro amongst bros
pls come quick cant bare this.
mm have some kanji dont eat anything heavy ok
have a lovely night and when you wake up to see this message, i hope you smile knowing all is as should be. have a great morning
think i might have to give it a miss. am teaching til twelve, then have lecture at two. damn this working thing.
thanks for looking out for me. i really appreciate.
